[{"id":"47509067377915","title":"Video:  Gary Oldman Discusses Personal Massagers","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Gary Oldman Discusses Personal Massagersby Grae Drake | February 12, 2014 |  CommentsRobocop just got “personal.” Massagers, that is. Gary Oldman, in a move that makes us love him even more than we did before, gives us a very personal tidbit about himself–probably because he was lulled into a false sense of security by Grae Drake, who was dressed like a robot. Joel Kinnaman and Abbie Cornish add to the fun, albeit in a much less “personal” way.&nbsp;","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"technology","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-gary-oldman-discusses-personal-massagers"},{"id":"47509224801004","title":"Weekly Ketchup: X-Men: First Class Gets a Kick-Ass Director","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: X-Men: First Class Gets a Kick-Ass DirectorPlus, Lindsay Lohan may play porn actress Linda Lovelace.by Greg Dean Schmitz | May 7, 2010 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup includes news about new sequels in the Die Hard, Ice Age and Dark Crystal franchises and new projects for Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Lindsay Lohan, Steven Spielberg and the directors of The Incredibles, Stuart Little, Daybreakers and Kick-Ass. All of that plus news about biopics about the lives of Linda Lovelace and the members of N.W.A. await you in the latest edition of the Weekly Ketchup!FRESH DEVELOPMENTS#1 X-MEN: FIRST CLASS GETS KICK-ASS DIRECTORThe R-rated superhero movie Kick-Ass didn’t do blockbuster business (it might not even make $50 million in the USA). However, director Matthew Vaughn is still getting work in the superhero genre, as this week, Vaughn was confirmed to be hired by 20th Century Fox to direct X-Men: First Class. Vaughn’s hiring is quite appropriate, as he had at one point been hired to direct X-Men: The Last Stand. Personal issues forced Vaughn to drop out of the project, he was replaced by Brett Ratner, and the rest is history. Vaughn will be very busy, as Fox has already announced a June 3, 2011 release date for X-Men: First Class, which means that Vaughn has less than 13 months to completely film and oversee postproduction on what will surely be a big special effects production, and that’s with no casting even done yet. Vaughn will, however, apparently have some help, as Bryan Singer (who is producing X-Men: First Class) is reportedly using the casting process hor his next film (Jack the Giant Killer) to also keep an eye out for young actors who could play a young Cyclops or Jean Gray. In other Marvel movie news, this week Hugo Weaving was officially announced as playing the Red Skull in Captain America: The First Avenger (the title of which has been flipped around). That would have been one of this week’s headlines, but this story already got covered in the Weekly Ketchup nearly two months ago. That movie did however have real news in the casting of Toby Jones (Truman Capote in Infamous) as Arnim Zola, an evil Nazi scientist famous in the comics for being portrayed as a robot with his face displayed on a giant TV screen on the robot’s chest. Yes, really.#2 YIPPIE-KI-YAY, MOTHER FIVER20th Century Fox is moving ahead with plans for a fifth Die Hard movie with the news that the studio is in talks with a screenwriter for the project. Skip Woods previously wrote Swordfish and Hitman, cowrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine and cowrote this summer’s The A-Team. The Die Hard movies of course depict the continuing action-packed adventures of New York cop John McClane, played by Bruce Willis, who always seems to be around when massive crime schemes go down. The Die Hard franchise took a 12-year break between 1995’s Die Hard With a Vengeance and 2007’s Live Free or Die Hard. No details are known about the premise of this fifth Die Hard. Bruce Willis, who turns 55 this year, is already signed to return as John McClane.#3 STEVEN SPIELBERG’S NEXT: AT LEAST IT’S NOT A MY LITTLE PONY MOVIEThe last year or so has seen Steven Spielberg mentioned in association with probably about a dozen different projects, but the director has finally settled upon what will be his next actually produced movie. That DreamWorks movie will be War Horse, based upon the 1982 children’s novel of the same title by Michael Morpurgo. War Horse was also adapted for the stage in 2007, and is coming to Broadway in 2010. War Horse tells the story of the “extraordinary friendship between a boy and a horse who are separated but whose fates continue to be intertwined over the course of WWI.” War Horse is being adapted by screenwriters Richard Curtis (Notting Hill, Love Actually) and Lee Hall (Billy Elliot). To prove that War Horse really is Spielberg’s next project, DreamWorks has already announced a release date of October 10, 2011. In other Spielberg news, it was just last week that the world found out that J.J. Abrams’ next movie (before he films Star Trek 2) will be an homage to the Spielberg movies of the 1970s, with Spielberg also producing. Well, this week, that movie’s trailer surprisingly debuted in theaters with Iron Man 2, letting us know that the title is Super 8 (like the old film stock). Super 8 reportedly tells the story of a group of kids in 1979 who spot an alien in Super 8 movie footage following a train wreck transporting artifacts from Area 51 to a facility in Ohio. J.J. Abrams filmed the trailer last month, but the movie itself doesn’t start filming until this fall on a budget of $45-$50 million. Paramount is aiming to release Super 8 sometime in the summer of 2011.#4 MISSION: INCREDIBLESThe search for a director for Paramount’s Mission: Impossible IV included consideration of Ruben Fleischer (Zombieland) and Edgar Wright (Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead). The man who actually got the job however is Brad Bird (The Incredibles, The Iron Giant), who will be making his live-action debut with Mission: Impossible IV. No details are known about the premise of Mission: Impossible IV, except that it will continue the story of secret agent Ethan Hunt, as played by Tom Cruise. Mission: Impossible IV is being written by the team of Josh Applebaum and Andre Nemec, who do not have any film credits, but have written several episodes of the TV shows Alias, October Road, Life on Mars and the currently airing Happy Town. Paramount has also moved the release date, from May 27, 2011 to December 16, 2011.#5 THE DARK CRYSTAL SEQUEL GETS REALLY DARK VIA THE DAYBREAKERS DIRECTORSThe Power of the Dark Crystal, the long-in-development sequel to 1982’s The Dark Crystal, took a step closer to production with the hiring of horror directors Michael and Peter Spierig (Daybreakers, Undead). The Dark Crystal was directed by Jim Henson and Frank Oz, and used puppetry to create an original fantasy world and mythology that was much darker in tone and style than The Muppet Show. Central to The Dark Crystal were the conflicts between two bird-like races (the Skeksis and the Mystics) and the smaller elf-like Gelflings. Set hundreds of years after The Dark Crystal, this sequel will tell the story of a mysterious girl made of fire who teams up a Gelfling to steal a shard of the Dark Crystal in an attempt to reignite their world’s dying sun. The Jim Henson Company is coproducing The Power of the Dark Crystal with an Australian company, and will combine puppetry, animatronics and motion capture CGI to update the visuals of the Dark Crystal world for a more modern cinematic experience (and they’re going to film it in 3D too).#6 STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON: AN N.W.A. BIOPICNew Line Cinema has hired screenwriter Andrea Berloff (World Trade Center) to write Straight Outta Compton, a biopic about the influential and controversial 1980s rap group N.W.A. The five members of N.W.A. included Ice Cube, Dr. Dre and Eazy-E, and the group’s eventual breakup led to a feud between those three rappers, inspiring songs like Dre’s “Dre Day,” which also helped launch the career of Snoop Dogg. The movie is named after N.W.A.’s second album which was a huge hit, helped popularize the “gangsta rap” genre and included the controversial song “F*** Tha Police.” After N.W.A., Ice Cube had a successful solo career and eventually became a movie actor, starring in hits like the Friday and Barbershop movies. Dr. Dre cofounded Death Row Records with Suge Knight, and has had a very successful career as a solo artist and record producer. Eazy-E’s solo career started while still in N.W.A., but after their breakup, his career slided and he died in 1995 from AIDS complications. The other two members, DJ Yella and MC Ren, also had solo careers but were less successful. The producers of Straight Outta Compton include Ice Cube and Eazy-E’s widow, Tomica Woods. The hiring of Andrea Berloff to write the N.W.A. biopic is being referred to as part of a trend of white writers tackling black biopics, with the Rick James biopic (Super Freak) and the upcoming Richard Pryor biopic also being written by white writers.#7 THE CHINESE ODYSSEY OF THE FORBIDDEN KINGDOMDirector Rob Minkoff (The Forbidden Kingdom, the Stuart Little movies) will be returning to China with Chinese Odyssey, a supernatural high-seas adventure. Chinese Odyssey is an international production between Minkoff’s new Tiger 62 Media company, China Film Group and Beijing Galloping Horse Film &amp; TV. Minkoff says that Chinese Odyssey is “a story involving ancient mysteries, deadly sea monsters, great characters and larger-than-life adventures.” Although the title suggests a reference to Homer’s The Odyssey, Minkoff’s film will actually tell the story of a hero “very familiar to Asian audiences,” but who that hero is currently unknown. Chinese Odyssey will film primarily on location in China (in English and in 3D), and is being described as the largest major feature film developed with Chinese financing.ROTTEN IDEAS OF THE WEEK#3 THE ROCK’S RETURN TO ACTION MOVIES MAY GET FAST AND FURIOUSDwayne “The Rock” Johnson is in the midst of returning to the action genre after a string of family-friendly movies (The Game Plan, Race to Witch Mountain, Tooth Fairy). This summer, Johnson appears in The Other Guys with Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg, and he’s also got Faster coming out in November. That last movie’s title will seem like a precursor to the latest news, as Dwayne Johnson is reportedly in talks with Universal Pictures to costar in Fast Five, the next movie in their Fast and the Furious franchise. The premise of Fast Five sees Vin Diesel and Paul Walker’s characters on the run from the law, and Johnson is expected to be playing the leader of the law enforcement officers chasing them. So, Dwayne Johnson could basically be in talks to play a character in the vein of Buford T. Justice or Roscoe P. Coltrane. Fast Five will be directed by Justin Lin and written by Chris Morgan, both of who also worked together on The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift and last year’s Fast &amp; Furious. Universal has scheduled Fast Five for a June 10, 2011 release. This is one of this week’s Rotten Ideas because the RT scores for the three sequels have all been decidedly Rotten, and so it seems likely that this fifth movie will be as well. Having said that, it is good to see Dwayne Johnson making more movies that better match his talents as an action movie star.#2 THE ICE AGE FRANCHISE MAY LAST LONGER THAN THE ACTUAL ICE AGE20th Century Fox keeps making Ice Age movies, and parents keep taking their kids to them, so this news should come as little surprise. Fox and Blue Sky Studios have announced a July 13, 2012 release date for Ice Age: Continental Drift. That puts this fourth Ice Age movie right in between two big superhero movies: Sony’s Spider-Man reboot on July 3 and Christopher Nolan’s third Batman movie on July 20, 2012. Each new Ice Age movie has done better than the previous movies ($383 million, $655 million and then $884 million worldwide). So, that is the obvious reason that 20th Century Fox is greenlighting a fourth movie. No writer, director or premise has been announced yet, but it will of course be in 3D. Since this is the fourth movie, someone at Fox should notice that 3D movies actually attempt to recreate not 3 but 4 dimensions (the fourth one being time). That was a joke, but it wouldn’t be surprising at all if someone didn’t eventually start touting their 3D movies as 4D on that grounds. No cast has been officially announced yet, but it would seem likely that Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah and most of the rest would be likely to return for this fourth movie. This is one of this week’s Rotten Ideas, because although Ice Age was critically well-received, the RT scores of the sequels have had Rotten scores with 58% for Ice Age: The Meltdown and 45% for Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs.#1 LINDSAY LOHAN GETS INTO PORN (SORT OF)Mark Wahlberg starred in Boogie Nights as fictional 1970s porn star Dirk Diggler, and Val Kilmer starred in Wonderland as 1970s porn star John Holmes. Now, Lindsay Lohan has signed on for a role that takes the “1970s porn star” mini-genre to the other gender, as Deep Throat star Linda Lovelace. Inferno is an independent production about the life of Linda Lovelace, who later claimed she had been forced into her porn star career. After problems with substance abuse, Lovelace (AKA Linda Boreman) eventually dropped out of the porn business and became an anti-pornographer crusader, eventually dying after a car crash in 2002. Lindsay Lohan was not the first actress to be mentioned for the role of Linda Lovelace, following earlier reports that Anna Faris and Rose McGowan were also considering the role. Bill Pullman (Spaceballs, Independence Day) has also been cast as Playboy founder Hugh Hefner. Inferno will be directed by Matthew Wilder, who made his feature debut in 2008 with the independent film Your Name Here, which also starred Bill Pullman. Inferno is also not to be confused with another Linda Lovelace biopic project, Lovelace, which was announced in 2005 with Courtney Love playing Lovelace, but that project never came together. Inferno is this week’s most Rotten Idea because it seems like a classic example of stunt casting, designed to take advantage of Lohan’s reputation as a party girl with her own history of substance abuse. It’s possible that Inferno might actually end up being a great film, but Lohan’s track record suggests otherwise.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"adaptation, cinemax, venice, Summer, south","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-XMen-First-Class-Gets-a-KickAss-Director"},{"id":"47614260873150","title":"Special \"Delivery\" From Disney","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Special \"Delivery\" From Disneyby RT Staff | February 4, 2005 |  CommentsAn English language version of \"Kiki’s Delivery Service\" is in the works at Disney, Variety Reports. The story of a 13-year-old witch was previously adapted from a series of books by Eiko Kadano into an animated film in1989 by Hayao Miyazaki; that film was dubbed into English with Kirsten Dunst voicing the title role in 1998. Jeff Stockwell, who wrote the script for \"The Dangerous Lives of Alter Boys,\" has been hired to adapt the film.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Us, hist, Acorn, TLC, Signature, BBC, Crunchyroll, DC, Video","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"special-delivery-from-disney"},{"id":"47614196932510","title":"Dreyfuss, Russell & Rossum Climb Aboard the \"Poseidon\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Dreyfuss, Russell &amp; Rossum Climb Aboard the \"Poseidon\"by Scott Weinberg | June 6, 2005 |  CommentsRichard Dreyfuss (\"Jaws\"), Kurt Russell (\"Backdraft\"), and Emmy Rossum (\"The Phantom of the Opera\") are the first high-profile cast members to climb on board director Wolfgang Petersen‘s rendition of \"The Poseidon Adventure,\" says Variety.Currently scheduled for a May 2006 release date, the new-fangled \"Adventure\" will have to withstand some strange competition: a separate adaptation of Paul Gallico‘s original novel will hit the NBC airwaves some time early next year. That version will star C. Thomas Howell, Rutger Hauer, Adam Baldwin, Bryan Brown, and Peter Weller.As far as WB’s big-screen remake, Kurt Russell will play a former firefighter, and Ms. Rossum will play his daughter. Variety indicates that Mr. Dreyfuss, an actor who not long ago announced his retirement from acting, \"will play a gay man who has just been dumped.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"curtis, toy, OWN, shows, lee, YouTube, Valentine's, love, true, play, nfl, History, VICE, archives, History","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"dreyfuss-russell-rossum-climb-aboard-the-poseidon"},{"id":"47613873673994","title":"Nicolas Cage as \"The Sorcerer’s Apprentice\"?","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Nicolas Cage as \"The Sorcerer's Apprentice\"?by Scott Weinberg | February 13, 2007 |  CommentsOf course you know the \"Sorcerer’s Apprentice\" segment from Walt Disney‘s \"Fantasia.\" It’s the one where Mickey has to deal with a gigantic army of magical brooms. Well, that story was based on a poem by Johann Goethe … and that’s the story that might be made into a live-action movie starring Nicolas Cage.I probably wouldn’t believe this news if it hadn’t come from The Hollywood Reporter, but here’s the scoop: Mr. Cage is indeed \"attached\" to a live-action \"Apprentice,\" only it would be a New York-set modernization of the tale — a big-budget family-friendly adventure epic in which Cage would play a sorcerer who needs, you guessed it, an apprentice.No director is connected to the project just yet, but we’re told the screenplay comes from the writing team of Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal — also known as the guys who wrote \"The Jewel of the Nile,\" \"Superman 4: The Quest for Peace,\" \"The Beverly Hillbillies,\" \"Mighty Joe Young,\" and \"Planet of the Apes.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Pictures","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"nicolas-cage-as-the-sorcerers-apprentice"},{"id":"47508928980024","title":"Red Carpet Pictures: The 2019 SAG Awards","content":"Red Carpet Roundupgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})Red Carpet Pictures: The 2019 SAG AwardsSee the latest looks and fashion seen on the red carpet this year!by RT Staff | January 27, 2019 |  CommentsThe 2019 SAG Awards have arrived! See the latest looks and fashion seen on the red carpet this year!Sydney Sweeney and Harry Shum Jr.Harry Shum Jr.Emily BluntMichael Douglas (L) and Catherine Zeta-JonesEmma Stone and Bradley CooperElisabeth MossMandy MooreChris PineMelissa McCarthyLaverne CoxMargot RobbieAllen Leech (L) and Jessica Blair HermanDarren CrissJessica HermanMaria Dolores Dieguez and Joseph FiennesFiona XieFiona XieRumer WillisRyan Michelle Bathe (L) and Sterling K. BrownRyan Michelle BatheHilaria Baldwin and Alec BaldwinJon M. ChuAmy AdamsHarry Shum Jr. (R) arrives with wife Shelby RabaraEmily OsmentRachel Bloom and Kimmy GatewoodKimmy GatewoodRebekka JohnsonPatricia ClarksonAngela BassettMatthew Rhys (L) and Keri RussellGayle RankinGayle RankinJenna Lyng AdamsEllen WongMiriam ShorSharon LawrenceMarc MaronScott EvansSibley ScolesSydney SweeneyAnthony CarriganJustin Hartley and his wife actress Chrishell HartleySydelle NoelBeverly DuanFaithe C. HermanRenée BarghWyatt NashTimothée ChalametParker BatesTanika RayKeltie KnightPatrick Fabian (L) and Michael MandoBritt BaronMarianna PalkaElizabeth McLaughlinLyric RossJustin Hartley (L) and Sterling K. BrownAnthony Ramos (L) and LuenellBritney YoungEddie GriffinMarin Hinkle (L) and Tony ShalhoubJackie TohnMegan MullallyMadeline BrewerSofia HublitzChrissy MetzLakeith StanfieldRobin WrightGemma ChanAmanda BrugelRachel Brosnahan (L) and Actress Madeline BrewerSophia BushLupita Nyong’o, Danai Gurira, and Amy AdamsKen Jeong (L) and Tran JeongRachel BrosnahanLady GagaKate NashHenry Winkler (L) and his wife Stacey WeitzmanLily Tomlin and Jane FondaJulia GarnerAmanda BrugelEris BakerYara ShahidiSandra OhShakira BarreraLucy BoyntonLaura HarrierHugh Grant (L) and Anna EbersteinJordana SpiroEmma StoneRhea SeehornConstance Wu","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"zombie, Trivia","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/27173543/Untitled2.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-pictures-the-2019-sag-awards"},{"id":"47508711090228","title":"All Jennifer Lawrence Movies Ranked","content":"(Photo by Weinstein Company LLC/Courtesy Everett Collection)All&nbsp;Jennifer Lawrence Movies RankedIf there ever was a life-or-death need to pick a Hollywood it-girl to define the 2010s, Jennifer Lawrence would surely be the one chosen to save our hides. She started the decade with the star-making Winter’s Bone, the rural mystery that marked only her third feature film appearance, nabbing a Best Actress Oscar nomination in the process. 2011 and 2012 came and it felt like Lawrence was everywhere, across blockbusters like X-Men: First Class and The Hunger Games, along with Silver Linings Playbook, for which she finally (“finally” meaning five years into a film acting career) won the Academy Award.Sequels and franchising were the name of the game in the 2010s, so of course she stuck around as Mystique in every X-Men sequel, all the way to the bitter end with Dark Phoenix. Likewise, Hunger Games completed its dystopic story with Lawrence in the lead. In-between, she collaborated twice more Playbook director David O. Russell (Joy, American Hustle), worked with 2010s it-dude Chris Pratt (Passengers), and released against-type material like mother! and Red Sparrow.In 2020, Lawrence signed up for Adam McKay’s Netflix comedy Don’t Look Up; she and Cate Blanchett will play astronomers who go on a media tour to convince people a meteor will destroy the Earth in six months. Until that comedy shows up in your streaming queue, we’re looking back on all Jennifer Lawrence movies ranked by Tomatometer!#20House at the End of the Street (2012) 13%#20Adjusted Score: 14.803% Critics Consensus: Poorly conceived, clumsily executed, and almost completely bereft of scares, House at the End of the Street strands its talented star in a film as bland as its title.Synopsis: Seeking a fresh start, newly divorced Sarah (Elisabeth Shue) and her daughter Elissa (Jennifer Lawrence) find the house of their... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Gil Bellows, Elisabeth Shue, Nolan Gerard FunkDirected By: Mark Tonderai#19Dark Phoenix (2019) 22%#19Adjusted Score: 38.385% Critics Consensus: Dark Phoenix ends an era of the X-Men franchise by taking a second stab at adapting a classic comics arc -- with deeply disappointing results.Synopsis: In DARK PHOENIX, the X-MEN face their most formidable and powerful foe: one of their own, Jean Grey. During a... [More]Starring: James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Nicholas HoultDirected By: Simon Kinberg#18Passengers (2016) 30%#18Adjusted Score: 41.222% Critics Consensus: Passengers proves Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence work well together -- and that even their chemistry isn't enough to overcome a fatally flawed story.Synopsis: Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt star in an exciting action-thriller about two passengers who are on a 120-year journey to... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Michael Sheen, Laurence FishburneDirected By: Morten Tyldum#17The Burning Plain (2009) 38%#17Adjusted Score: 39.948% Critics Consensus: This heavily symbolic, melodramatic multi-narrative drama lacks emotional resonance.Synopsis: Sylvia's cool, professional demeanor masks the sexually charged storm within. When a stranger from Mexico confronts her with her mysterious... [More]Starring: Charlize Theron, Kim Basinger, Jennifer Lawrence, Tessa IaDirected By: Guillermo Arriaga Jordan, Guillermo Arriaga#16Red Sparrow (2018) 45%#16Adjusted Score: 57.814% Critics Consensus: Red Sparrow aims for smart, sexy spy thriller territory, but Jennifer Lawrence's committed performance isn't enough to compensate for thin characters and a convoluted story.Synopsis: Dominika Egorova is many things. A devoted daughter determined to protect her mother at all costs. A prima ballerina whose... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Joel Edgerton, Matthias Schoenaerts, Charlotte RamplingDirected By: Francis Lawrence#15X-Men: Apocalypse (2016) 47%#15Adjusted Score: 60.658% Critics Consensus: Overloaded action and a cliched villain take the focus away from otherwise strong performers and resonant themes, making X-Men: Apocalypse a middling chapter of the venerable superhero franchise.Synopsis: Following the critically acclaimed global smash hit X-Men: Days of Future Past, director Bryan Singer returns with X-MEN: APOCALYPSE. Since... [More]Starring: James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Oscar IsaacDirected By: Bryan Singer#14Joy (2015) 60%#14Adjusted Score: 70.477% Critics Consensus: Joy is anchored by a strong performance from Jennifer Lawrence, although director David O. Russell's uncertain approach to its fascinating fact-based tale only sporadically sparks bursts of the titular emotion.Synopsis: JOY is the wild story of a family across four generations centered on the girl who becomes the woman who... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Bradley Cooper, Edgar RamirezDirected By: David O. Russell#13The Beaver (2011) 62%#13Adjusted Score: 67.628% Critics Consensus: Jodie Foster's visual instincts and Mel Gibson's all-in performance sell this earnest, straightforward movie.Synopsis: Jodie Foster directs and co-stars with Mel Gibson in The Beaver - an emotional story about a man on a... [More]Starring: Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster, Anton Yelchin, Riley Thomas StewartDirected By: Jodie Foster#12The Poker House (2008) 63%#12Adjusted Score: 21.525% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Actress-turned-director Lori Petty makes her feature directorial debut with this period drama set in 1976 that explores a typical day... [More]Starring: Selma Blair, Jennifer Lawrence, David Alan Grier, Bokeem WoodbineDirected By: Lori Petty#11The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 (2014) 68%#11Adjusted Score: 80.231% Critics Consensus: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 sets up the franchise finale with a penultimate chapter loaded with solid performances and smart political subtext, though it comes up short on the action front.Synopsis: The worldwide phenomenon of The Hunger Games continues to set the world on fire with The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Liam Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson, Julianne MooreDirected By: Francis Lawrence#10mother! (2017) 68%#10Adjusted Score: 84.195% Critics Consensus: There's no denying that mother! is the thought-provoking product of a singularly ambitious artistic vision, though it may be too unwieldy for mainstream tastes.Synopsis: A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. From filmmaker Darren Aronofsky... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Javier Bardem, Ed Harris, Michelle PfeifferDirected By: Darren Aronofsky#9The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 (2015) 69%#9Adjusted Score: 80.237% Critics Consensus: With the unflinchingly grim Mockingjay Part 2, The Hunger Games comes to an exciting, poignant, and overall satisfying conclusion.Synopsis: The second half of Suzanne Collins' final Hunger Games book is adapted in this Lionsgate production. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, Rovi... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Julianne MooreDirected By: Francis Lawrence#8Like Crazy (2011) 72%#8Adjusted Score: 76.553% Critics Consensus: It has the schmaltzy trappings of my romantic films, but Like Crazy allows its characters to express themselves beyond dialogue, crafting a true, intimate study.Synopsis: A love story is both a physical and emotional tale, one that can be deeply personal and heartbreaking for an... [More]Starring: Anton Yelchin, Felicity Jones, Jennifer Lawrence, Charlie BewleyDirected By: Drake Doremus#7The Hunger Games (2012) 84%#7Adjusted Score: 96.053% Critics Consensus: Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of its source novel.Synopsis: Every year in the ruins of what was once North America, the evil Capitol of the nation of Panem forces... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody HarrelsonDirected By: Gary Ross#6X-Men: First Class (2011) 86%#6Adjusted Score: 95.677% Critics Consensus: With a strong script, stylish direction, and powerful performances from its well-rounded cast, X-Men: First Class is a welcome return to form for the franchise.Synopsis: X-Men: First Class unveils the epic beginning of the X-Men saga - and a secret history of the Cold War... [More]Starring: James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Kevin Bacon, Caleb Landry JonesDirected By: Matthew Vaughn#5The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013) 90%#5Adjusted Score: 101.654% Critics Consensus: Smart, smoothly directed, and enriched with a deeper exploration of the franchise's thought-provoking themes, Catching Fire proves a thoroughly compelling second installment in the Hunger Games series.Synopsis: THE HUNGER GAMES: CATCHING FIRE begins as Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody HarrelsonDirected By: Francis Lawrence#4X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014) 90%#4Adjusted Score: 103.462% Critics Consensus: X-Men: Days of Future Past combines the best elements of the series to produce a satisfyingly fast-paced outing that ranks among the franchise's finest installments.Synopsis: The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods in X-MEN: DAYS... [More]Starring: Hugh Jackman, James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer LawrenceDirected By: Bryan Singer#3Silver Linings Playbook (2012) 92%#3Adjusted Score: 101.877% Critics Consensus: Silver Linings Playbook walks a tricky thematic tightrope, but David O. Russell's sensitive direction and some sharp work from a talented cast gives it true balance.Synopsis: Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and... [More]Starring: Bradley Cooper, Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro, Jacki WeaverDirected By: David O. Russell#2American Hustle (2013) 92%#2Adjusted Score: 103.654% Critics Consensus: Riotously funny and impeccably cast, American Hustle compensates for its flaws with unbridled energy and some of David O. Russell's most irrepressibly vibrant direction.Synopsis: A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American... [More]Starring: Christian Bale, Bradley Cooper, Amy Adams, Jeremy RennerDirected By: David O. Russell#1Winter's Bone (2010) 94%#1Adjusted Score: 99.054% Critics Consensus: Bleak, haunting, and yet still somehow hopeful, Winter's Bone is writer-director Debra Granik's best work yet -- and it boasts an incredible, starmaking performance from Jennifer Lawrence.Synopsis: Her family home in danger of being repossessed after her meth-cooking dad skips bail and disappears, Ozark teen Ree Dolly... [More]Starring: Jennifer Lawrence, John Hawkes, Kevin Breznahan, Dale DickeyDirected By: Debra Granik","section":"Countdown","tags":"reviews, Winter, killer, Network, Critics, jamie, Schedule, TLC, of","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/14152431/600JLaw.jpg","slug":"all-jennifer-lawrence-movies-ranked"},{"id":"47508837187804","title":"Ti West’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Ti West's Five Favorite FilmsThe director of The Sacrament talks about the films that inspired him.by Grae Drake | June 5, 2014 |  CommentsTi West, writer and director known for such horror achievements as The Innkeepers, V/H/S, Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever and The House of the Devil is back with The Sacrament, another crazy creepfest, opening June 6, which is sure to once again please the horror aficionados. West recently shared his Five Favorite Films with us, displaying enthusiasm for the art of filmmaking and for the films that inspired him to become such an avid contributor to the industry. Here is his list:Bad Taste (Peter Jackson, 1987; 68% Tomatometer)I can say that, in thinking about it, I was thinking five favorite-ish movies that seemed to be relatively inspiring to me as a filmmaker or something like that. One is a movie called Bad Taste by Peter Jackson. The reason that movie is one of my favorite films is because… two things. One, I saw it when I was very young because it had a very sort of provocative box cover of an alien giving you the middle finger, in the video store; that was very charming to me. It seemed like something that needed to be rented for a sleep over. It’s one of the grossest movies ever, so it was always the benchmark of, like, “Is there a more disgusting movie than this?” And also not a lot of people had seen it so it was like a badge of honor. But more importantly, when I decided that maybe movies was something I wanted to do, that movie was actually the first movie that I think made me think I could maybe do this. Because it was the first time I’d ever seen a movie where I realized how the movie was made. And I realized, “He’s just putting a camera on the back of the car;” “Oh, that’s just him with his friend doing this;” and, “I can see how he built that effect” or “I can see how he used ketchup for blood” or whatever. It was so rough around the edges, yet still compelling and well-made that it kind of gave me this sort of inspiration and confidence to be like, “All I have to do is go do it, like this guy just went and did it.” So that movie is, like, the number one movie that made me think, “Maybe I can try this.”You know what I think is so great too about knowing movies like Bad Taste and Meet the Feebles is when I first saw those movies, I never would have guessed that that guy would go on to direct one of the highest grossing and most important trilogies of our time.Yeah, not in a million years. It’s wild. Feebles, especially, is like the most bonkers movie ever. Also if you watch, I think, on the Bad Taste DVD — even though nobody really has DVDs anymore — on that DVD there’s like a “making of,” for lack of a better term, about the making of that movie. It’s basically Peter Jackson explaining how he made the movie and it’s all this old footage of how he built the gun and how he built the effects and how he built a rig for the camera and that he used his parents’ oven for this thing and how he built a scale model for the house, and you realize, “Oh, this person is a genius.” That was the other thing. That movie was inspiring but it’s also… like, I came up against a wall once I watched that because I was like, “Oh my God; he was this absolutely brilliant person who made these guns out of scrap metal and baked these masks in his mom’s oven by just experimentation,” and I was like, “Oof, I don’t know if I’m trying that hard.” So it was both an intimidating film but also a very inspirational one.And just a note: I do think that the box of The Innkeepers could only be made better by someone giving a middle finger. Probably Pat Healy.Look, it was the one disagreement we had over the art. I was like, it has to have… it actually has to be on every film I’ve made. In The Sacrament, hopefully, it will be Gene Jones giving the middle fingerIndiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (Steven Spielberg, 1984; 84% Tomatometer)Number two would be The Temple of Doom, because when I was a kid I was obsessed with Raiders of the Lost Ark. It was, like, my favorite movie. As soon as I saw it I was like, “This movie is amazing.” I was so obsessed with it, and my parents… I don’t know if they knew there was Temple of Doom or if they just didn’t want me to see it because it was a little, like, edgier. Indiana Jones was my life. And then I remember at school one time someone said, “Oh, what about the other movie?” And the idea that there was another movie that I was unaware of was, like, nothing has been more of a shocking reveal since that day. And so I went and tracked down that movie, and what’s really amazing about that movie is it totally defies genre constraints. That movie is totally bonkers and totally sincere. It doesn’t really fit into any genre category.That’s what I always found so amazing and inspiring about that movie. It just seemed like this movie is so great, so any movie could be, like anything is possible. Because in this movie, people’s hearts are getting ripped out, and they’re closing up and then they’re still alive, and children are being enslaved by these sort of like ancient Indian mystical people, and they’re trying to find these stones that, put together, have powers, and there’s famine in the village, and they jump out of a plane on a raft, and everything is so turned up in that movie that it just — all the way down to the mine car race — it’s like one of the most awe-inspiring action or adventure movies I’ve ever seen. Yet it’s still totally grounded in the world of, like, this relatable character. I think that movie shows that a lot of other movies aren’t trying hard enough. Because, even the monkey brains part, it’s just such a memorable movie, it’s so bonkers, and yet it never feels like a joke, it always feels sincere. That to me was like, wow, you can do all these really fantastical elements in movies and you can still take them seriously and it works.The Shining (Stanley Kubrick, 1980; 92% Tomatometer)The Shining. It was the first movie that I saw when I was a kid that, like, really traumatized me. It was mostly the two little girls as well as being in room 237. That was one of the movies that I remember really, after watching that movie, having a problem sleeping. But as I’ve sort of grown up with that movie, what’s been so inspirational about that movie… if you watch that movie, like everybody watches that movie, it’s terrifying, it’s one of the scariest movies of all time. And what I think’s great about it is that it’s not only a horror movie, it’s more a movie about an alcoholic man who hates his family, and then it’s a horror movie. To me, all the best horror movies are a regular movie first and then they’re a horror movie. That’s true with the The Exorcist, Rosemary’s Baby as well as The Shining.But what’s most exciting to me about The Shining, and there’s a famous quote from the Vivian Kubrick documentary, from Jack Nicholson, where he says he’s been spending his whole career trying to make his performances real, like no one’s ever seen realness onscreen and he’s going to be the one to make it real and he’s going to do something no one’s ever seen before, this quest to make it authentic. And then he’s like, “Then you get someone like Stanley who says, ‘Yeah, Jack, it’s real, but it’s just not interesting.'”After I heard that conversation, if you watch The Shining and don’t get sucked into it just being a great scary movie, if you walk into it and just watch the choices that are being made, it’s an insane movie. Like, everybody’s performance is, like, the stakes are so high, as if every line they say is the end of the world. Every shot is so grandiose. The locations are so unbelievable, and they’re all built, which is also totally insane. It’s like this constructed movie that’s so hypnotic because every time Shelly Duval comes on the screen and screams, “[falsetto] They’re trying to kill Danny!” and it’s like, in any other movie that would just be like a joke. Or Jack Nicholson, if you look at every take of his in the movie, [it] shouldn’t work. It’s all so extreme with his performance.But it’s consistent and, I guess as Stanley Kubrick said, it’s interesting. Because it’s consistent, the movie has this very hypnotic tone to it and it’s something that Kubrick is obviously very known for. It not only is an amazingly terrifying movie and one of the best horror movies of all time, it also is just this really unique approach to filmmaking that I’ve always found really fascinating. It seems to, across the board, raise the stakes and make everybody just operate on this much higher level, and that’s always been very hypnotic to me.Because I think this movie exists outside the world of the book almost completely, the thing that I love asking myself even years after seeing it is, did he start crazy or did he get crazy?I think he gets crazy, but I think it’s such a built-in thing that… I think he gets very crazy, but there’s this idea that before he was also doing something terrible. The hatred that he’s holding for his family is so dark, and you just kind of see it unraveling. But most people don’t see it because they see the ghosts and everything. What’s brilliant about horror movies is using it as a metaphor and I think he does it really well in that film.American Movie (Chris Smith, 1999; 94% Tomatometer)Number four is the documentary American Movie. The reason I like this movie so much is I’m a big fan of sort of vérité documentaries and, while this is not exactly a vérité documentary, it’s a movie from the late ’90s and it’s sort of the end of the 16mm personal documentary era. I suppose there are some that exist after that, but for the most part, as someone who really likes movies like Grey Gardens and Seventeen and all these great sort of authentic… Filmmakers went and experienced their experiences with their subjects. American Movie is really like the pinnacle of that for me in that it’s a movie that took two years to make and two years to edit. It’s the kind of movie where when you hear Chris Smith, the director, ask a question, you almost get excited because it’s like, “Oh, the guy from behind the camera is a part of the story also?” Or the boom dips in. It’s charming because you know they’ve been there for two years living with these people.The movie’s amazing because it’s an incredible critique on filmmaking that’s both funny and also sort of sentimental and inspiring in that the Murphy’s Law of filmmaking is that anything that can go wrong will go wrong and, you know, in the case of [subject] Mark Borchardt, it really does. But you’ve never seen someone more impassioned and more determined to sort of accomplish… I don’t know if I want to say something as silly as “their dreams,” but he’s dedicated to doing this and that. To me as a filmmaker or as someone who’s trying to do any sort of artistic endeavor, it’s really amazing to watch, and the movie is very sincere and very honest and very charming and very funny. It gives you an idea of, like, what to avoid when making movies, but it also gives you an idea of what movies are going to be very hard — I would say that making movies is very traumatic — and you’ve just sort of got to stick with it, and this movie is a great example of that.And it’s a great example of getting to know the characters personally, or the subjects personally, and it’s the kind of movie that, when it’s over, you feel like you know everybody in that movie. It’s incredibly charming and it’s one of those movies that I think, as a filmmaker or just a film fan in general, it’s a very essential movie to see. I always try to watch it or show it to people right before we make a movie to say, like, hopefully it won’t go like this.I met him at Sundance in 2002 and it might as well have been Tom Cruise to me, because just getting to talk to that guy at cocktail hour for thirty minutes was the greatest thing ever. He was so nice.I want to take you one step further: I made a movie several years ago, a movie that I spent two years trying to get my name taken off of, but before it was a disaster, it was a really great experience. I cast Mark Borchardt, and I spent a week with him in North Carolina filming the movie. I had some really incredible conversations, and it was really a pleasure to spend the time with him, and one of the great tragedies of that movie was that that movie was ultimately taken away from me, and it’s a disaster and it’s a shame because I worked so hard to get someone like Mark that I was so passionate about being there. It’s bad enough for me the way that movie turned out, but what’s really hard is for certain cast members that, like, I brought you into this and I was there to sort of, I guess, protect this whole experience, and it got taken away from me and that’s a bummer. So I’ve gotta somehow write that s— at some point and get Mark in on this movie.The Unforgiven (Clint Eastwood, 1992; 96% Tomatometer)OK so number five is sort of topical because at the moment I’m in the midst of pre-production to start this western that I’m about to make. So number five is Unforgiven. For me, Unforgiven is a great film and it’s a great traditional sort of American western, and it’s a great critique about an older guy whose past is very different than who he is now. Being dragged into his past is complicated, even down to the details that it’s hard for him to get on his horse again. It’s a western that deals with violence in a very unique way in that it’s one of the only westerns where you get to see the ramifications and the accountability of violence. You see how it affects people. And you see how some people are capable of it and some people are not, and the people that act like they are often times are not, and I think those are really important, complicated issues in this genre that is known for glorifying violence. I think it’s a really brilliant take on that. I also think that it’s a very good representation of the culmination of someone’s career. If you can define Clint Eastwood in a nutshell — him as an actor, and him as a director — he’s older when he made this movie, but you can really see that he’s figured everything out, and then he made this movie. It’s an example of all that stuff being figured out, and it’s just done so masterfully. I think that’s a credit to him and the time he spent making westerns or films in general as both an actor and a director. There’s a control of that film that is really unlike many other westerns and it’s very inspirational.The Sacrament opens June 6, 2014 in limited release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Trivia, American, elevated, rings, bad, El, adaptation, robots, Ellie, Western, Video, razzies, Month, marvel","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Ti-Wests-Five-Favorite-Films.jpg","slug":"ti-wests-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508694871978","title":"5 Reasons Happy! Deserves That Second Season","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})5 Reasons Happy! Deserves That Second SeasonGross-out humor, intensely dark subject matter, and grotesque imagery fuel both the comic book and its TV adaptation, starring Christopher Meloni and the voice of Patton Oswalt.by Erik Amaya | January 31, 2018 |  CommentsSyfy’s Happy!&nbsp;might seem like the least likely comics-to-TV adaptation ever attempted. The four-issue series by writer Grant Morrison and artist Darrick Robertson seemed to thumb its nose at the very idea of being adapted with its mix of gross-out humor, intensely dark subject matter, and Robertson’s grotesque imagery. Nonetheless, it happened and, in a shocking twist, earned a second-season commitment from the cable channel this week.Starring Christopher Meloni as heart-attack prone hitman Nick Sax and Patton Oswalt as the imaginary friend of Nick’s daughter Hailey (Bryce Lorenzo), the series careens, hobbles, and blasts through the streets of a New York corrupted by the bleakest version of every 21st-century obsession you can think of. Like the comic book it is based on, the show can be darkly funny yet still find a way to be emotionally engaging.No wonder the show has been renewed.But with the first season airing its finale on Wednesday, we thought it might be time to offer a few of the reasons why Happy!’s renewal was well deserved.1. Christopher Meloni &amp; Patton Oswalt As Nick and HappyThe stars of Happy! could not be better fits for their characters, even if they take slightly different paths than their comic book counterparts. As thoroughly broken human garbage heap Nick Sax, Christopher Meloni shatters the lingering image of his Detective Elliot Stabler from Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit&nbsp;by playing a disgraced cop whose darkened soul breaks up his marriage — which sort of feels like an in-joke about Stabler’s home life — and denies him knowledge of his daughter’s existence until she’s kidnapped 10 years later. For most of the early episodes, Nick is a tough character to like. It is pretty much only Meloni’s natural charm and comedic timing — and the visceral thrill in seeing him kill some truly repugnant people — that keeps you invested. Then, almost imperceptibly, Nick finds himself caring for someone and fighting to save them; a real magic trick considering how the show tries to lampoon hero-turns and other TV conventions.Similarly, Oswalt voices Happy with a lot of innocence and an appropriate saccharine sweetness. But he also goes on a journey that makes Happy a very complicated Imaginary Friend. As in the comic book, the character ends up with a lot of substance, particularly after he loses heart and nearly gets killed after an Imaginary Friends support group, a wrinkle only alluded to in the comic. The real magic here is keeping Happy a peppy and naïve character even while he comes to understand the broken world Nick lives in, which is something Oswalt and the show pulls off in spades.2. Amanda and McCarthyIn the comic book, Maireadh McCarthy is a presence, but her situation is peripheral to Nick’s mission to save Hailey. But in an eight-episode series, there was room to flesh her out into Meredith McCarthy (Lili Mirojnick), a person who cares deeply about people — even if it gets her into trouble — and tries to do right even as she gets lost in the corruption. That is Maireadh’s arc in the comic as well, but it works much better on television with the added layers and Mirojnick’s performance, which can swing from a broad impression of Meloni to deviousness to genuine remorse. The character is also served by allusions to her father’s complicity in the widespread corruption and the care she attempted to give to her ailing mother. Elements which flesh her out well beyond the character who enigmatically gets the final line in the comic book.Similarly, Nick’s ex-wife Amanda gets a boost by becoming an actual character. Referenced only in flashbacks when Nick has to confront his past, she never really exists in the comic book. That lack of character allowed Medina Senghore complete freedom to create someone McCarthy refers to as “a pit pull.” When we first meet her, she demands to be heard at the police station. She eventually forces McCarthy — who helped Nick wreck his marriage by sleeping with him — into doing the right thing and investigating Hailey’s disappearance. The two magically make a great team, making their shared bad history all the more a shame. And because the show is not afraid to make fun of its characters, Amanda’s strength leads to an amazing punchline in episode 7.3. The Crank AestheticReading the book, one would never get the sense that the energy and genre-smashing executive producer Brian Taylor brought to his Crank movies would work so well in the grimy world Robertson drew in the comics, but it is a really good fit. Much of the first three episodes sees Nick on a Chev Chelios–style run from a mob hospital to the rooftops near Chinatown. The energy breaths a whole new life into Happy!But just as Crank 2’s Kaiju battle was an unexpected stylistic change, Happy! plays with TV genres as Nick’s attempt to process the existence of a daughter leads him to The Jerry Springer Show. The production went as far to use Springer’s set and crew while the man himself was gracious enough to let a punchdrunk Nick ask “You’re still on the air?”The introduction of Isabella Scaramucci (Debi Mazar) occurs during the opening titles of the reality series she is filming, leading to an ongoing switch between Happy!’s cinematic look and the lower-quality camera work of a Real Housewives–style show. That the switch in style serves the overall story is truly impressive. Especially when you consider these are completely new ideas for the television adaptation of a fairly slim comic book series.4. The Expansion of the WorldAs mentioned before, the Happy! comic book series ran for four issues. Since this was Morrison and Robertson’s design, its world is fairly limited and made all the more claustrophobic by Robertson’s art. But the television series opens thing up with the addition of things like children’s entertainer Sonny Shine (Christopher Fitzgerald) and his Wishies, a weird insect-obsessed sex cult whose leader is really pulling the strings, and the group of kids abducted with Hailey, who slowly become characters in their own right.But perhaps the best addition is Mazar’s Isabella, who not only contends with a desire for a social media following, but also believes in the old ways thanks to her hex-producing grandmother. Between mixing menstrual blood into the pasta sauce and getting word from her producer that the deaths of her children are “kind of a buzzkill,” Isabella exemplifies the special madness the show tapped into by playing with the medium itself, a trick Morrison employed in comic books like The Invisibles and The Multiversity.The show also greatly expanded other characters from the comic. Mr. Blue, a fairly one-note mobster in the comic, gets an upgrade as Francisco Scaramucci (Ritchie Coster), a man desperate for a “traditional” suburban life despite an underlying streak of cruelty and his seriously amoral son. Mikey (Gus Halper), a character who dies almost instantly in the comic, literally comes back to life as an increasingly zombie-like creature in search of Mr. Blue. Very Bad Santa (Joseph D. Reitman), the Santa-obsessed child abductor, also gets more backstory and an unsettling tie to Nick which will no doubt come into play during tonight’s season 1 finale.But there is one other character from the book which the show remixed into something remarkable.5. SmoothieFrom his first moment on screen, Patrick Fischler owns the character. It probably helps that in the comics, Smoothie looks very much like him. But in expanding the character beyond his hate-on for Nick and his love of cutting people up, the show created one of the most depraved and compelling characters on television this year. His weird affection for McCarthy’s mother (Laura Poe) — illustrated by the makeover he gives her while explaining how he uses day spa techniques to torture his victims — is both warm and unsettling. He is also unphased when both Nick and McCarthy take verbal and physical shots at him. If you had missed his first scenes, in which he dismembers a victim and attempts to slice Nick’s penis off like salami, you might think he was just a hospice worker with a shallow affect that McCarthy likes to abuse. But then more and more layers start to emerge.In the comic, he is only a master interrogator, but the series uses him as a multifaceted henchperson with experience in demolition, clean-up, child management, and vivisection. Not that he actually gets to vivisect the poor Christian missionary who comes to the McCarthy home. Come to think of it, is that guy still in the shower?Through it all, Fischel gives the character an unnerving confidence which becomes all the more threatening when Hailey manages to upset him. And he flips it into high comedy when Nick finally learns why he’s called Smoothie.Happy! illustrates just how boundless comic books can be and its adaptation proves how adventurous television can be when it picks up the anarchic spirit of one of the medium’s best storytellers.Happy!’s season 1 finale airs Wednesday night at 10/9C on Syfy.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"movies, Fox","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/31164242/happy-christopher-meloni-4-600x314.jpg","slug":"reasons-happy-deserves-that-second-season"},{"id":"47508765625884","title":"Critics Consensus: The Expendables 3 is a Dull Reunion","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: The Expendables 3 is a Dull ReunionPlus, Let's Be Cops is criminally short on laughs, and The Giver looks nice but lacks passion.by Tim Ryan | August 14, 2014 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got aging tough guys (The Expendables 3, starring Sylvester Stallone and Jason Statham), fake policemen (Let’s Be Cops, starring Damon Wayans Jr. and Jake Johnson), and a rogue nonconformist (The Giver, starring Brenton Thwaites and Jeff Bridges). What do the critics have to say?The Expendables 3 32%One of the primary pleasures of the Expendables franchise has been the chance to gaze at a staggering array of stars, and The Expendables 3 is no exception. This time out, Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and many more, team up with the likes of Antonio Banderas, Wesley Snipes, Harrison Ford, and Mel Gibson, among others. However, critics say the movie itself is disappointingly thin and predictable. After a mission goes wrong, Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone) disbands the Expendables and brings in a younger crew to replace them. But when his new recruits are captured by a diabolical arms dealer, it’s up to Ross’ old buddies to rescue them. The pundits say The Expendables 3 is more like a class reunion than a movie, and the action set pieces are surprisingly flat.Let’s Be Cops 18%Damon Wayans Jr. and Jake Johnson are funny guys, and they share an undeniable comic chemistry on New Girl. Unfortunately, critics say there’s only so much they can do when trapped in a narratively slack, sitcommy vehicle like Let’s Be Cops. Wayans and Johnson star as a pair of average dudes who show up to a masquerade ball dressed as police officers — and are surprised by the amount of respect they receive. So they decide to continue to pretend to be policemen, and eventually discover that they’re in over their heads. The pundits say the stars are worth a chuckle or two, but Let’s Be Cops is basically a collection of skits that fails to do much with its undeniably appealing premise. (Flip through this week’s 24 Frames for a gallery of the best and worst movie cops.)The Giver 35%Published in 1993, Lois Lowry’s dystopian young adult novel The Giver won the Newbery Medal, earned a dedicated fan base, and helped to lay the groundwork for the success of everything from The Hunger Games to Divergent. Too bad, then, that that critics say the big-screen adaptation of The Giver feels a little late to the party; despite a strong visual sense, it never generates the feeling of discovery that made the book so potent. Jonas (Brenton Thwaites) is a teenager in a bland, passionless society. While spending time with a wise man called the Giver (Jeff Bridges), he discovers that the world he knows harbors deadly secrets — and it’s this knowledge that makes him a target of the powers that be. The pundits say The Giver is a polished production, but its familiar plotting and limp pacing keep it from distinguishing itself from other recent young adult sci-fi films. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which count down co-ster Meryl Streep’s best-reviewed films.)Also opening this week in limited release:We Are Mari Pepa, a comedy about a band of aspiring punk rockers in Guadalajara, is at 100 percent.Frank, starring Michael Fassbender and Maggie Gyllenhaal in a dramedy about an artsy rock group whose eccentric leader wears a giant papier-mâché mask, is Certified Fresh at 89 percent.The Trip To Italy, starring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon in a road comedy about two old friends sampling culinary delights and talking about life, is Certified Fresh at 89 percent.Abuse of Weakness, starring Isabelle Huppert in a drama about a filmmaker who is swindled after suffering from a stroke, is at 85 percent.Jealousy, a French drama about an actor who leaves his wife and child for another woman, is at 83 percent.A Will For The Woods, a documentary about a terminally ill man determined to have an environmentally friendly burial, is at 83 percent.Dinosaur 13, a documentary about the lengthy debate over ownership that followed a 1990 T-Rex skeleton discovery, is at 67 percent.Ragnarok, an adventure about an archeologist on the trail of a lost Viking ship, is at 60 percent.Coldwater, a drama about a group of teenagers at a harsh private rehab facility for troubled kids, is at 43 percent.Life After Beth, starring Aubrey Plaza and Dane DeHaan in a comedy about a teenager who dies but promptly returns to life, is at 39 percent.Septic Man, a horror film about a sewage worker who must save his community from killer contaminating the water supply, is at nine percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Photos, BAFTA, BET, service, Calendar, cults, Fantasy, ID, Returns, 21st","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-The-Expendables-3-is-a-Dull-Reunion"},{"id":"47509048848497","title":"Video: How to Fake a Toast with the Cast of The Wedding Ringer","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: How to Fake a Toast with the Cast of The Wedding Ringerby Grae Drake | January 15, 2015 |  CommentsIn The Wedding Ringer, Kevin Hart gets paid to pretend to be besties with Josh Gad and give glowing speeches at all of his wedding events. Could this possibly be a real thing? To prove or disprove the theory, Kevin Hart, Josh Gad, and Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting give speeches for Grae Drake, who they have never met and are not friends with.Also, The Wedding Ringer features a spectacular dance sequence with Josh Gad and Kevin Hart…but what happens on the dance floor when the actors go to a real wedding?Watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"teaser, President, Out, what, tv, The, Winter, all-time, dragons, quibi, Yoda, CMT, History","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-how-to-fake-a-toast-with-the-cast-of-the-wedding-ringer"},{"id":"47612222592206","title":"New On DVD in March: Thor: Ragnarok, Lady Bird, Jumanji and More","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})New On DVD in March: Thor: Ragnarok, Lady Bird, Jumanji and Moreby Ryan Fujitani | February 27, 2018 |  CommentsThis year, March kicks off with the Academy Awards (Sunday, March 4), and accordingly a bunch of the nominees are arriving on home video this month.&nbsp;Read on for the full list.Arriving&nbsp;March 6&nbsp;Lady Bird (2017)  99%Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf star in Greta Gerwig’s directorial debut, a semi-autobiographical coming-of-age comedy about a high school senior living in Sacramento who longs to leave her suburban hometown behind for New York City.Get it Here, Stream it HereBlue Planet II: Miniseries (2017)  97%A companion to BBC’s groundbreaking nature documentaries&nbsp;Planet Earth and&nbsp;Planet Earth II, this series — also narrated by the peerless David Attenborough — focuses on the ecosystems and wildlife in our planets oceans and seas.Get it HereThe Breadwinner (2017)  95%This animated film centers on a young girl living in Taliban-ruled Afghanistan who dresses up as a boy in order to find work and help support her family after her father is unjustly arrested.Get it Here, Stream it HereThor: Ragnarok (2017)  93%The third chapter in Marvel’s&nbsp;Thor franchise revamps the God of Thunder as he teams up with Hulk, bro-nemy Loki, and a reluctant new ally to prevent the destruction of Asgard at the hands of a powerful threat with secret ties to his past.Get it Here, Stream it HereNovitiate (2017)  86%Margaret Qualley and Melissa Leo star in this drama about a&nbsp;young nun’s struggles to hold onto her faith during a period of upheaval in the Catholic church.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereThe Man Who Invented Christmas (2017)  79%Dan Stevens and Christopher Plummer star in this fact-based family drama about the intense six-week period when Charles Dickens penned the now classic&nbsp;A Christmas Carol.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereArriving March 13&nbsp;Call Me by Your Name (2018)  94%Timothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer star in this romantic drama about an American 17-year-old from a privileged family spending his summer in Italy who falls in love with an older doctorate student interning for his father.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereBirdboy: The Forgotten Children (Psiconautas, los niños olvidados) (2017)  94%This animated film from Spain centers on a group of teenagers in a post-apocalyptic world who seek to escape the island where they live, while one of them holds a secret that could change everyone’s lives.Get it HereThe Handmaid's Tale: Season 1 (2017)  94%Based on the Margaret Atwood tale of the same name, this Hulu original drama takes place in a dystopian near future where fertile women are forced into servitude as surrogate birthing chattels for high-ranking officials in an autocratic government.Get it Here, Stream it HereThe Shape of Water (2017)  92%Sally Hawkins and Doug Jones star in Guillermo del Toro’s sci-fi romance about a mute woman during the Cold War who falls in love with the humanoid aquatic creature being kept in captivity in the top secret lab where she works.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereThe Disaster Artist (2017)  91%James Franco and Dave Franco star in this comedy drama based on the making of&nbsp;The Room, a film of notoriously ill repute by an unusual Hollywood hopeful of mysterious origin named Tommy Wiseau, who not only starred in the film but also financed it, wrote it, and directed it himself.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereI, Tonya (2018)  90%Margot Robbie, Allison Janney, and Sebastian Stan star in Craig Gillespie’s dramatization of the life of Tonya Harding, the American figure skater best known for her involvement in the attack on rival skater Nancy Kerrigan in 1994.Get it Here, Stream it HereFerdinand (2017)  72%John Cena, Kate McKinnon, and Gina Rodriguez lend their voices to this animated film based on the popular children’s tale about a peace-loving bull who&nbsp;must find his way back home when he is mistaken for a dangerous beast and captured.Get it Here, Stream it HereJustice League (2017)  40%Batman (Ben Affleck), Superman (Henry Cavill), and Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) finally unite and join forces with new heroes to take down a villain seeking to plunge the world into chaos.Get it Here, Stream it HereArriving&nbsp;March&nbsp;20&nbsp;Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017)  76%Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black, Kevin Hart, and Karen Gillan star in this update on the popular adventure film, in which four teens travel into the world of an old video game and must work together to survive.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereDownsizing (2017)  47%Matt Damon and Kristen Wiig star in Alexander Payne’s high-concept satire about a married couple who choose to undergo a revolutionary shrinking procedure developed to help fight overpopulation.Get it Here, Stream it HerePitch Perfect 3 (2017)  29%Anna Kendrick and Rebel Wilson star in the third and final chapter of the Barden Bellas’ musical saga, which reunites the whole gang for a USO tour and some shenanigans on the side.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it HereArriving&nbsp;March 27&nbsp;Star Wars: The Last Jedi (2017)  90%Rian Johnson helms the latest chapter of the&nbsp;Star Wars&nbsp;saga, which finds Rey (Daisy Ridley) seeking Jedi training from Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) as the rest of the resistance attempts to avoid being destroyed by Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) and the First Order.Get it Here, Stream it HereLegion: Season 1 (2017)  90%Dan Stevens and Aubrey Plaza star in Marvel’s FX drama that centers on David Haller, a mutant with powerful psychic abilities — and the son of X-Men leader Professor Xavier — dealing with mental instability.Get it Here, Stream it HereMr. Robot: Season 3 (2017)  92%Rami Malek and Portia Doubleday star in this USA Network drama about an antisocial cybersecurity engineer whose extracurricular activities attract the attention of a group of hacktivists and embroil him in dangerous conspiracy plots.Get it Here,&nbsp;Stream it Here","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Esquire, Pictures, ghosts, Film, Box, TV, Returns, Apple, what, the, shows, league","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"new-on-dvd-in-march-thor-ragnarok-lady-bird-jumanji-and-more"},{"id":"47615145449791","title":"Isaac Hayes Quits \"South Park\" Over Scientology Row","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Isaac Hayes Quits \"South Park\" Over Scientology Rowby Jen Yamato | March 13, 2006 |  CommentsRenowned soul musician and actor Isaac Hayes, who memorably voiced the role of Chef on \"South Park\" since 1997, has pulled out of the irreverent satirical cartoon, expressing his disgust for the show’s disrespect for religious beliefs.Hayes, who has become almost as known for his role as Chef (the \"South Park\" kids’ only grown-up confidante) as he is for writing the legendary theme from \"Shaft,\" is also a committed Scientologist. His objections come after \"South Park\" creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker ran an episode ridiculing the Scientology faith, which caricatured Hollywood’s most famous Scientologist, Tom Cruise.From the AP: \"There is a place in this world for satire, but there is a time when satire ends and intolerance and bigotry towards religious beliefs of others begins,\" the 63-year-old soul singer and outspoken Scientologist said.\"Religious beliefs are sacred to people, and at all times should be respected and honored,\" he continued. \"As a civil rights activist of the past 40 years, I cannot support a show that disrespects those beliefs and practices.\"\"South Park\" co-creator Matt Stone responded sharply in an interview with The Associated Press Monday, saying, \"This is 100 percent having to do with his faith of Scientology… He has no problem — and he’s cashed plenty of checks — with our show making fun of Christians.\"\"—–Regardless of the reasons behind Hayes’ departure, the character of Chef will surely be missed, along with his soulful singing of songs like \"Chocolate Salty Balls (P.S. I Love You)\" and \"The Prostitute Song.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"OWN, the","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"isaac-hayes-quits-south-park-over-scientology-row"},{"id":"47509044764741","title":"Video: Me and Earl Stars Go Subhuman","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Me and Earl Stars Go Subhumanby Grae Drake | June 11, 2015 |  CommentsMe and Earl and the Dying Girl stars Olivia Cooke, Thomas Mann, and RJ Cyler demonstrate how their movie characters deal with irritating questions by going subhuman. Director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon discusses the unique camerawork in the film. None of the questions he was asked irritated him, so he refrains from going subhuman.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"popular, vampires, golden, telelvision, ratings","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/me-and-earl1.jpg","slug":"video-me-and-earl-stars-go-subhuman"},{"id":"47613162154418","title":"Edinburgh 2009: RT’s 10 Must-See Movies","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Edinburgh 2009: RT's 10 Must-See MoviesWe pick the handful of features you simply can't afford to miss.by Rotten Tomatoes | June 28, 2009 |  CommentsThe Edinburgh Film Festival has come to a close and Rotten Tomatoes thought we’d make a traditional look back over all of the films playing at this year’s fest and present to you – in strictly alphabetical order – our 10 must-sees. As a public-facing festival, Edinburgh’s selection attempts to combine the accessible with the artistic, and delivers a collection of movies both diverse and outstanding. From spoof comedies to harsh drama, from in-depth documentaries to cutting-edge animation, Edinburgh dares to be different and programmes a festival that’s at turns youthful and experienced, offering movies for just about any cinemagoer imaginable. And for us, it’s two weeks of life in dark rooms — just how we like it.Black Dynamite – Michael Jai White is silencing the jive talkers in this hilarious spoof of Blaxsploitation capers of the 70s. It really is the grindhouse that Grindhouse should have been, as White — the titular Black Dynamite — attempts to foil a plot to deal drugs to orphans that goes all the way to the White House. The jokes wear a little thin towards the end, but for the large part it’ll have you in stitches, and Jai White revels in the period humour as booms enter shots, actors miss cues and them poor orphans are all drugged up. – Joe UtichiFind Out MoreLe Donk – Shane Meadows and Paddy Considine are best known for their thoughtful, considered drama collaborations like Dead Man’s Shoes and A Room for Romeo Brass, so news of a mockumentary shot in five days with Considine taking on the character of a Northern roadie called Le Donk was ever so slightly worrying. We needn’t have taken the time to fret, though, because the result is riotously hysterical, and Considine revels in creating a character so desperate for attention that you can’t help but fall in love with him. Le Donk is shifting gear for the Arctic Monkeys and brings along a documentary crew for the week while he tries to introduce the world to a rapping prodigy he’s discovered. Meadows’ forte is in finding real heart at the centre of any story, and that continues here, for while the journey is brilliantly funny, you also get a sense of the character as a human being. We want more. – JUExam – From Stuart Hazeldine, who’s already making Hollywood waves working with Alex Proyas and scripting Paradise Lost, Exam is a modest British sci-fi thriller set in one room as a group of candidates from all sorts of racial and social backgrounds compete for a mysterious job. A blank sheet of paper sits in front of them and they’re told to answer the question on it. Over 80 minutes of real time, we enjoy their interaction as they try to figure out their situation and work with and against one another. It’s the kind of small-scale/big-impact sci-fi flick we don’t see enough of these days and it’s simply gripping from start to finish. It transcends its modest budget to deliver a slickly shot and incredibly entertaining experience. Expect big things from Hazeldine, and cross fingers and toes that Exam finds a distributor willing to give it a big release – you won’t want to miss it. – JUFind Out MoreFish Tank –Red Road director Andrea Arnold proves she’s no one-trick pony with this stunning follow-up set on an Essex estate. Newcomer Katie Jarvis plays 15-year-old Mia, a would-be street dancer with a neglectful mother and a hilariously cheeky little sister. When charismatic Connor (Hunger’s Michael Fassbender) starts dating her mother, Mia’s world changes — but is it for the better? The ambiguity of their relationship drives both plot and characterisation forward in this beautifully observed, bitterly funny and utterly involving drama that marks Arnold as a true British talent. Watch out for a winning turn from up-and-comer Harry Treadaway, too. – Anna SmithFind Out MoreFor the Love of Movies: The Story of American Film Criticism – It wouldn’t be right if a site about film critics didn’t include a documentary about film critics in its top 10. A critic himself, Gerald Peary goes on a journey of the American film writer, starting right at the beginning and presenting a detailed history of the art. Along the way, he gives faces to the faceless critics of newspapers, TV shows and websites and profiles them on what made them critics. Incredibly eye opening, and featuring contributions from the likes of Roger Ebert and Harry Knowles, it’s a documentary well worth watching. – JUHumpday – Lynn Shelton‘s hilarious comedy is also the winner of our second Rotten Tomatoes Critical Consensus Award, and joins the powerful company of Let the Right One In. Mark Duplass and The Blair Witch Project‘s Joshua Leonard star as a pair of straight friends for whom a drunken night turns into a harsh reality as they realise they’ve talked each other into having sex with one another for a local amateur art-porn festival. Deftly exploring masculinity and homosexuality as well as relationships both intimate and not, Shelton’s indie is a real treat. – JUFind Out MoreMary and Max – This delightfully offbeat Australian stop-motion animation deserves to be a huge hit. Beautifully narrated by Barry Humphries, it tells the story of Mary Daisy Dinkle, a lonely Australian girl with a mother who spends all day “testing sherry” and a father who lives in his shed. After pulling a random address out of a New York phone box, Mary writes to Max Jerry Horovitz, an equally lonely middle-aged American. An unlikely pair of penpals is born as Mary and Max begin to share the intimate details of their lives. The animation is terrific, and the visual gags work just as hard as the verbal ones. Themes become darker as the film progresses, but Mary and Max never loses its sense of hope or Amelie-style charm. A must-see. – ASFind Out MoreMoon – Sam Rockwell stars in a futuristic sci-fi made by David Bowie’s son: what’s not to like? Turns out Duncan Jones (famously born Zowie Bowie) has inherited his father’s talent: this debut is an assured, inventive film that makes good use of its tiny cast. Rockwell is Sam Bell, an astronaut working solo on a space station on the Moon. It’s a lonely life, but his sentient computer Gerty (voiced by Kevin Spacey) keeps him company and tends to his needs. Their odd couple friendship sets the film off to an amusing start, but events turn sinister when Sam discovers his doppleganger on the moon. All sorts of possibilities spring to mind — time travel, cloning, twins, the lot — in this intriguing thriller that pays tribute to cult sci-fis such as 2001: A Space Odyssey. – ASFind Out MoreRudo and Cursi – Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna are reunited on the big screen eight years after Y tu mama tambien introduced them to international audiences and made a hot name out of director Alfonso Cuaron. This time it’s his brother Carlos behind the camera (he scripted the previous film) but the chemistry is still there as the pair play brothers who are plucked out of the Mexican slums to become overnight soccer superstars. But the fun comes when the duo start enjoying their manic lives a little too readily and tensions start to form between them. – JUFind Out MoreThe September Issue – No-one in the fashion world commands more fascination and influence than Anna Wintour. The feared editor of US Vogue was the inspiration for Meryl Streep’s character in The Devil Wears Prada, yet the real woman has remained shrouded in mystery — until now. Filmmaker RJ Cutler follows Wintour from the office to fashion shows, shoots and meetings as she plans the September issue of Vogue. The result is a fascinating portrait of a blunt, decisive and ambitious woman. And when Wintour ruthlessly kills pages commissioned by creative director Grace Coddington, the dynamic between the two strong-willed women becomes the centrepiece of an increasingly revealing documentary. – ASFind Out More","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Fox, Valentine's, saw, rom-coms, canceled, Mindy, Access, It, archives, Red, TV, Black, Sony, Musical, Peek","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"edinburgh-2009-rts-10-mustsee-movies"},{"id":"47509237218124","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Iron Man Sequel Likely, Hilary Swank Shaves Her Eyebrows","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Iron Man Sequel Likely, Hilary Swank Shaves Her EyebrowsWe catch you up on the week's 10 biggest stories about upcoming movies.by Greg Dean Schmitz | May 2, 2008 |  Comments#1 – IRON 2, MANWith Iron Man kicking off the start of the summer season this weekend, and expected to open more than respectably well, everyone involved is talking to a lot of press, and so, the subject of a sequel (and possible trilogy) is coming up quite a bit. To sum up the many quotes that are repeating the same story, a sequel hasn’t officially been greenlit yet, but unless the first movie really tanks, a sequel seems likely, possibly aiming for early summer, 2010. It’s been known for a while that the main cast members all signed on for three movies from the start, so one of the more obvious plot points often mentioned is the character of War Machine (answer: yes, they want to add him to the mix eventually). There’s also the question of a villain for a sequel, and the first movie drops a hint for fans who know their Iron Man villains (answer: The Mandarin, known for his “ten rings”), although that doesn’t quite answer the question of who would be the villain in a *third* movie. I’m hoping for M.O.D.O.K. personally. He’s Designed Only for Killing!Also waiting in the wings is word from Marvel Studios about what their next greenlit movie after Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk will be, with expectations being that it will come this Monday. Candidates include Ant-Man, Captain America, The Mighty Thor and The Avengers… probably in that order.#2 – ACADEMY AWARD-WINNING DIRECTOR MEL GIBSON TO TRY ACTINGIs seven years the statute of limitations on acts of public embarassment as well? If you figure a movie announced now won’t be in theaters until at least 2009, then Edge of Darkness, a thriller to star Mel Gibson will be released seven years after the last time he starred in a movie, which was in 2002 with Signs and We Were Soldiers (he also had a supporting role in 2003’s The Singing Detective). Obviously, his D.U.I. and all that didn’t actually happen until 2006, and he kept himself plenty busy in those seven years with directing The Passion of the Christ and Apocalypto, but he certainly put his acting career on hold for most of the decade, it will have turned out. Edge of Darkness (like The Singing Detective) is a feature adaptation of a 1980s BBC mini-series, about a police detective’s investigation into the death of his daughter. Martin Campbell (Casino Royale, The Legend of Zorro), who directed the original mini-series, will be directing this shorter version as well, from a script by William Monahan (The Departed, Kingdom of Heaven) with filming scheduled to start in Boston in August, as an independent production with no studio yet attached. This project will definitely be a litmus test for Mel Gibson’s ability to carry a movie after his 2006 controversy, in a different way than a movie “just” being directed by him (Apocalypto). Gibson’s appeal as an A-lister was always his amiability, I think. Can he restore that perception?#3 – MISSION: UNTITLEDUnited Artists (which Tom Cruise is currently running) announced plans this week for a currently untitled spy thriller to star the Mission: Impossible lead, to be produced and written by 24 co-creator Joel Surnow, and cowritten by Michael Loceff, another producer of the same TV show. This comes just a week after U/A announced plans for a science fiction trilogy to be created by Ronald D. Moore, who reinvented Battlestar Galactica to great success, so I don’t think it’s wrong to say that it looks like Tom Cruise and his staff have their eyes on some of the best minds in television today, and how they can be tapped to bring their ideas to the big screen. So, is this the end of the trend for U/A, or might Cruise have his eyes on other television talents? Some are already doing the movie thing (J.J. Abrams and Joss Whedon, for example), but other acclaimed show runners like David Chase (The Sopranos) and Marc Cherry (Desperate Housewives) remain basically TV only, for now…#4 – NICOLE KIDMAN TO BE WISHIN’ AND HOPIN’?With Baz Luhrman’s big historical/romantic epic, Australia, still on its way to theaters this fall, Nicole Kidman is continuing to line up her future work, with the musical Nine to now be followed by an untitled biopic about British singer Dusty Springfield, who had a string of hits in the 1960s and early 1970s, representing a sort of crossover success as a white singer who many listeners at the time confused with being a soul singer, a la Motown. Springfield, who died in 1999 of breast cancer, is also known for being sexually ambiguous, with plenty of guessing being done over the years, which led to her being embraced by many gay fans (including the Pet Shop Boys, who collaborated with her during her comeback in the 1980s). Springfield also reportedly struggled with drug and alcohol abuse, and mental illness. The project is being written by Michael Cunningham (The Hours, also starring Kidman), for Fox 2000, and is competing with another biopic about Springfield set up at Universal, which would star Kristen Chenowith (Pushing Daisies).#5 – DEATH AND THE ANANSI BOYSTalking to MTV.com this week, British comics writer and author Neil Gaiman revealed the status of the movie versions of two of his titles other than the upcoming Coraline (and last year’s Stardust). What he’s apparently actually working on this very minute is a script for the novel, The Anansi Boys, which was a sequel to American Gods (which has lingered in development for several years). The long-in-development adaptation of Death: The High Cost of Living, which was a spin-off of Sandman (also long in development) is apparently still alive, even after the problems of New Line Cinema, with Shia LeBeouf reportedly interested in costarring (probably as the young man who accompanies Death as she visits various people whose time has come). What’s interesting about these two particular concepts being focused on is that they both have roots have spin-offs of titles that are themselves also in development (ie, might sequels get made before the first concept)? Anyway, Neil Gaiman’s a clever, original writer, has a loyal following, and so any news of his stuff getting made into a movie is worth special attention, I think.#6 – DAVID COPPERFIELD: YOU LITTLE DICKENS!British director Peter Howitt (Johnny English, Sliding Doors) is set to start work this fall on a new theatrical adaptation of one of Charles Dickens’ greatest novels, David Copperfield, with an ensemble cast that already includes Simon Pegg (Shaun of the Dead) as Uriah Heep, Rowan Atkinson, Colin Firth, Julie Walters and as the adult Copperfield, Hayden Christensen. Charles Dickens movies seem to trickle out every few years (Oliver Twist in 2005, Nicholas Nickleby in 2002, Great Expectations in 1998/1999), so it seems almost like perfect clockwork that this one is on the way now. The spoof movie, An American Carol, starring Kelsey Grammer and Leslie Nielsen? Not so much.#7 – DIRECTOR NEWS: SODERBERGH, JUDGE AND ROTHA few directors announced their next projects this week. Steven Soderbergh, busy working on the agribusiness dramedy The Informant, with Matt Damon, is finding time to direct The Girlfriend Experience, another low-budget HDNet project in the style of Bubble, about the lifestyle of an expensive call girl, for which he may cast an actual porn star. Although live-action box office success eludes him (no matter how awesome Office Space actually was, theatrical B.O. ignored), Mike Judge is heading back into the breach again with the comedy Extract, to star Jason Bateman as the owner of a flower extract business (so, yes, it sounds like a variation of Office Space, but with plants). And then there’s horror director Eli Roth, known at this point for his gory R-rated projects (Hostel, Cabin Fever), who now wants to tone things down for a PG-rated disaster movie (inspired by the success of Cloverfield, perhaps?), although no actual details were revealed in said story.#8 – CASTING NEWS: The HOBBIT, TRANSFORMERS 2, TAKING WOODSTOCKFollowing on the news that he has officially signed on for The Hobbit and the “in betweener” Tolkien movie after it, Guillermo del Toro has already started lining up his cast, starting with word that he has talked to both Sir Ian McKellen and Andy Serkis about reprising their roles as Gandalf and Gollum, respectively.In similar tentpole territory (budget wise, if by not literary lineage) is Transformers 2, for which Jonah Hill is reportedly in talks to play a roomie friend of Shia LeBeouf’s character, with would-be Justice League costar Teresa Palmer possibly cast as well.Finally, there is Ang Lee’s adaptation of Taking Woodstock, announced last week, which has already snatched up an actor to play the young gay lead, who, in what might be a surprising (and potentially brilliant) casting choice, will be Demitri Martin. Martin has been a regular on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, focusing on the issues of young people with his Trendspotting segments, hilariously. When I covered this movie in last week’s column, I remarked on Ang Lee’s tendency to work with young actors on the cusp of bigger things, and so this is a very interesting development for Demitri Martin, I think. Hapless Jon Stewart though, he can’t hold on to his guys!#9 – IMAGE NEWS: AMELIA, AGORA AND LAND OF THE LOSTThe last few weeks have seen three high profile movies with ties to comics or animation have large photo galleries leaked online, inspiring me to write nice little summaries of them (none of which were particularly positive), and then I have to pull them a few hours later because they were yanked by their respective studios (hint: the first letters of the three movies form my initials). Anyway, hopefully the images I have to link you to this week will stay up long enough for you to see them. USA Today has our first image of the Sleestaks from Land of the Lost, and they look (awesomely) almost exactly like they did in the 1970s. Agora, that movie about Ancient Egypt from the director of The Others (and starring Rachel Weisz), which barely got noticed last month when it was announced has led to some fairly large recreations of the Sphynx and such. And finally, Hilary Swank has shaved eyebrows for Amelia, and that really helps the effect. Look, enjoy the sense of relief in a week of first look images that actually makes me feel good about the movies they represent.#10 – ALL ALONG THE CLOCK TOWERThe Weinstein Co. announced this week that they are teaming up with Senator Entertainment (of the upcoming Brett Easton Ellis adaptation, The Informers) to produce a movie version of the Clock Tower franchise of survival horror video games, with the plot of Clock Tower 2: The Struggle Within specifically forming the basis for the movie’s plot. Martin Weisz (The Hills Have Eyes 2) will be directing this story of a young woman who finds herself locked in an insane asylum as she tries to rid of herself of a curse that has haunted her family for generations. As the basis for horror movies, Clock Tower comes across sort of between a movie like Silent Hill (also based on a survival video game) and various recent female-driven horror movies driven by freak-outs, especially those based on Asian horror movies (The Eye, The Ring, etc).Every Friday, “Weekly Ketchup” catches you up on the 10 biggest stories about upcoming movies, according to film news guru Greg Dean Schmitz. Greg can be reached via RT Forums messages, his MySpace page or the RT Forums thread devoted to him.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"asian-american, actors, Netflix, Photos, universe, criterion, IFC, comedy, Reality, and","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Iron-Man-Sequel-Likely-Hilary-Swank-Shaves-Her-Eyebrows"},{"id":"47508675229432","title":"Weekly Binge: Twin Peaks","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Binge: Twin Peaksby Marya E. Gates | August 6, 2014 |  CommentsIt’s been nearly 25 years and Twin Peaks is still as much of a cult phenomenon today as it was when it first aired in 1990. With the Blu-ray finally available (with special features galore), isn’t it time you stopped by David Lynch’s surreal ’90s treat Twin Peaks?Twin PeaksWhat’s the premise? FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper arrives in the small town of Twin Peaks on the Washington/Canada border to investigate the murder of beauty queen Laura Palmer. What Cooper finds is a treasure trove of bizarre characters and even more bizarre supernatural phenomena.What’s it like? Basically, it’s as though David Lynch made a film noir soap opera. Imagine Dallas mixed with The X-Files mixed with Blue Velvet, plus lots of coffee, doughnuts, and cherry pie on top.Where can I see it? The complete series is available on DVD and Blu-ray, as well as streaming on Amazon Instant Video, Vudu, iTunes, Netflix, and Hulu.How long will it take?The pilot episode is 90 minutes long and the following 29 episodes run about 45 minutes each, giving you approximately 24 surreal hours in the fair city of Twin Peaks, WA. If you are really hardcore and have a lot of damn fine coffee (and hot!), you could probably watch the whole series in one weekend — which you might be tempted to do since the show often ends with a cliffhanger. However, each episode is so dense (and often confusing), you might want to limit yourself to a few episodes a day. Either way, you could definitely enjoy the entire mystery in less than a month.What do the critics think? Howard Rosenberg of the Los Angeles Times wrote that Twin Peaks “teeters on the very edge of exquisite absurdity. Its genius plays both on the level of subtly ludicrous melodrama and on the level of baffling whodunit.” Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly gave the show an A, saying “Plot is irrelevant; moments are everything. Lynch and Frost have mastered a way to make a weekly series endlessly entertaining.”Why should I watch this? You could make the case that all the great serial shows we’ve had in the past two decades owe a debt to what Mark Frost and Lynch accomplished on ABC with Twin Peaks — a show way ahead of its time. It takes everything unique to David Lynch’s films and distills it through an episodic lens. Just remember, the owls are not what they seem. You will fall in love with Special Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) and Audrey Horne (Sherilyn Fenn) at the same time, and you will never see another character quite like the Log Lady (or any of the other strange and wonderful townsfolk of Twin Peaks). Although, be warned: the show was cancelled during its second season and ends in one of the most unresolved cliffhangers of all time. Get yourself a large helping of cherry pie as you reach the end to help yourself through it.What’s my next step? Once you’ve finished the entire series, give yourself a little break and then watch David Lynch’s prequel Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me. You might hate it at first (it was booed at Cannes and goes to horrific places with characters you’ve grown to love), but you’re sure to like it much more on a second viewing. If you want more television about quirky small towns, try Northern Exposure or Gilmore Girls (the latter of which features several actresses from Twin Peaks in guest roles). If you want to solve another season-long mystery, try True Detective, The Bridge, Broadchurch, or Top of the Lake. Or, for a serial that’s a bit surreal, try NBC’s Hannibal. Film-wise, you might enjoy the 1944 film noir Laura, which inspired many aspects of the show, from Laura Palmer’s name to the characteristics of Special Agent Dale Cooper. Lastly, if you haven’t delved into the world of David Lynch, try watching his feature films in order, starting with Eraserhead, to see the director evolve as an artist.Are you ready to visit Twin Peaks? Tell us why!For more TV news, visit the Rotten Tomatoes TV Zone.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"and, Classic, Fantasy, TLC, DirecTV, Comic","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Twin-Peaks.jpg","slug":"weekly-binge-twin-peaks"},{"id":"47509033289691","title":"Video: Hide and Seek with the Cast of The BFG","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Hide and Seek with the Cast of The BFGby Grae Drake | June 29, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Ruby Barnhill, Penelope Wilton, Rebecca Hall, Mark Rylance, and Jemaine Clement from&nbsp;The BFG, as well as director Steven Spielberg,&nbsp;about the best hiding places they can think of, and the delicate subject of “wizzpopping.”","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"story, One, supernatural, Awards, venice, TV, movie, Plus, unscripted, love, Video, Animation, Sundance, hollywood, kong","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/29145504/The-BFG-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-hide-and-seek-with-the-cast-of-the-bfg"},{"id":"47509136882599","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Avatar Soars to #1 Spot","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Avatar Soars to #1 SpotAlso, The Princess and the Frog holds on at #2.by Gitesh Pandya | December 20, 2009 |  CommentsThis weekend a dozen years after scoring the biggest blockbuster of all-time, James Cameron returned to his comfortable spot at number one with his most expensive film to date, the sci-fi epic Avatar, which grossed more than every other film in the marketplace combined. On the other hand, Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker failed to charm audiences with their new date movie Did You Hear About the Morgans? which limped into fourth place with a weak opening. A massive blizzard rocked the east coast dumping up to two feet of snow in some areas causing movie theaters to see drastic cuts in attendance. Studios will now fight hard to capture lost business in the days ahead as most holdovers witnessed hefty declines.After spending 15 consecutive weeks at number one in 1997 and 1998 with his last film Titanic, the king of the world was back atop the charts with the estimated $73M opening weekend for Avatar. Utilizing the most advanced 3D imagery ever seen to date, the PG-13 film averaged a stellar $21,147 from 3,452 theaters and enjoyed the second largest December opening in history trailing only 2007’s Will Smith thriller I Am Legend which bowed to $77.2M. Bumped to third place now is The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King which banked $72.6M over its first Friday-to-Sunday period. However, the Peter Jackson smash debuted on a Wednesday in 2003 when ticket prices were lower so its $124.1M five-day opening is still more impressive and included more tickets sold over the comparable three-day portion.[rtimage]MapID=1194501&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=33&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Still, Avatar was a giant at the box office and its figure would have been even higher had it not been for the blizzard. Fox reported that theaters in heavily-populated markets like New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington D.C. reported huge Friday-to-Saturday sales declines with some plunging by 70-80%. Grosses typically rise on Saturdays. Nationwide, Avatar bowed to $27M on Friday, slipped 5% to $25.7M on Saturday, and is estimated to drop by only 21% to $20.4M on Sunday when the studio believes it will start seeing some of that lost business start coming back in. Many students have no school on Monday so Sunday evening is expected to be busy.The road ahead looks encouraging for the Na’vi pic. Audiences have been loving the film giving it a terrific A average from CinemaScore. An exceptionally high 92% of those polled will definitely recommend the film. Adult men made up the largest quadrant as expected. Studio research showed that 57% of the crowd was male and 62% was 25 and older. Exhibitors have been racing the clock all year to get 3D screens installed in time for Avatar‘s opening and the new hardware, which allows for extra high ticket prices, paid off. 3D was available on 59% of the screens but they accounted for 71% of the gross. 2,032 theaters offered at least one extra-dimensional screen for a total of 3,124 3D screens including 178 in IMAX where consumers pay even more.[rtimage]MapID=1194501&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=31&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Mediocre effects-driven action films opening in mid-December typically can reach three times their opening weekend figure. Something as well-liked as Avatar could certainly play well through the holidays and quadruple its bow giving it a great chance of breaking $300M domestically. Should the legs be amazing, the cume would rise much higher. Of course, Cameron taught us all not to predict a final gross after just three days of release with Titanic which coincidentally also generated the second best December opening ever, at the time.Critics were mostly positive on Avatar which also won four Golden Globe nominations last Tuesday including Best Picture – Drama and Best Director. The film’s official reported budget is $230M, but industry insiders have estimated that the true production cost without marketing expenses is closer to $300M.[rtimage]MapID=1194501&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=30&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Cameron’s films have always powered their way to muscular numbers overseas and Avatar was no exception as Fox rolled out the film in over 100 international territories with Japan, China, and Italy being the only major markets still to come. The sci-fi actioner grossed a scorching $159.2M overseas this weekend boosting the global opening to a towering $232.2M. The figures were on par with the most recent worldwide assault from Hollywood – last month’s 2012 – which launched with $65.2M domestically, $165M internationally, and $230M globally. That doomsday pic is now at $733M after five weeks of play and Avatar should be able to have better legs thanks to a stronger product and the upcoming holiday break. Its global gross should have no problem soaring higher.Last week’s top grosser The Princess and the Frog was hit hard in its second weekend of nationwide play tumbling 50% to an estimated $12.2M. Disney is hoping that after moms get done with holiday shopping they will focus their attention on bringing the little ones to see Tiana and pals. Cume to date is $44.8M. Things get tense on Wednesday when Fox launches Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel aiming for the same crowd with its followup to 2007’s $217.3M-grossing megahit.[rtimage]MapID=1212694&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=24&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Sandra Bullock scored another milestone as her runaway hit The Blind Side became the only film of 2009 to spend five consecutive weeks in the top three. The uplifting football pic slipped just 33% to an estimated $10M and lifted the incredible cume to $164.7M. Warner Bros. looks likely to surpass $200M with this one. Liam Neeson’s Taken was the only other film this year to spend five weeks in the top three, although they were not consecutive.Nobody heard about the new Hugh Grant-Sarah Jessica Parker comedy Did You Hear About the Morgans? which opened poorly in fourth with just $7M, according to estimates. Sony opened the critically-panned pic in 2,718 sites and averaged a weak $2,575. Mid-December romantic comedies The Holiday and The Family Stone both debuted with $12-13M and reached final takes that were five times larger. A similar holiday run for Morgans would lead to a max of about $35M. Studio research showed that the turnout was as expected – 60% female and 54% 30 and older.[rtimage]MapID=1213718&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=9&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Summit’s vampire sequel The Twilight Saga: New Moon ranked fifth with an estimated $4.4M dropping 45% in its fifth round. The runaway sensation has now grossed $274.6M to date making it the year’s fifth largest blockbuster. A final take of at least $290M is likely.Following its soft opening weekend and a week of snubs on the awards circuit, Clint Eastwood’s Invictus suffered a large drop in the second weekend falling 52% to an estimated $4.2M. Missing out on a Best Picture nod from the Globes and SAG’s top ensemble acting nomination, the Warner Bros. release is now on a rocky road ahead with a disappointing $15.8M in ten days. Produced for $60M, the Morgan Freeman pic looks to end its run after the holidays with $40-50M.[rtimage]MapID=1207475&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=33&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Following some low declines, A Christmas Carol fell a steep 50% to an estimated $3.4M pushing the total for Disney’s 3D extravaganza to $130.8M. Paramount expanded its Oscar hopeful Up in the Air from 72 to 175 theaters and grossed an estimated $3.1M jumping into the top ten at number eight. The George Clooney starrer earned six major Globe nominations which the studio is using to help sell the pic to broader audiences. Air‘s average was a sturdy $17,714 and the total now stands at $8.1M with a nationwide expansion set for Friday on Christmas Day to about 1,800 playdates.Dropping 48% to an estimated $2.6M was Lionsgate’s solider drama Brothers which has grossed $22.1M to date. Rounding out the top ten was the comedy Old Dogs with an estimated $2.3M, off 48%, for a $43.6M sum.[rtimage]MapID=1207970&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=22&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Another round of awards contenders opened in limited release this weekend. Leading the way was the Daniel Day-Lewis musical Nine with an estimated $247,000 from only four sites for a sensational $61,750 average for The Weinstein Co. Another music-related pic debuting was Fox Searchlight’s Crazy Heart starring Jeff Bridges which collected an estimated $84,000 from four locations for a solid $21,051 average. The five-day total since its Wednesday launch is $110,000. Both actors earned Globe nominations while Nine also scored a Best Picture nod in the Comedy or Musical category.The top ten films grossed an estimated $122.2M which was up 58% from last year when Yes Man opened in the top spot with $18M; but down 17% from 2007 when National Treasure: The Book of Secrets debuted on top with $44.8M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, Box Office Guru!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"TV","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Avatar-Soars-to-1-Spot"},{"id":"47614995343629","title":"Is Marvel Done at ABC?","content":"TV Talkvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Is Marvel Done at ABC?Plus, Young Frankenstein Live!, the Oscars, and more of the day's top news.by Whitney Friedlander | January 8, 2020 |  CommentsAre Marvel superheroes now only allowed to save the day on Disney+? ABC Entertainment president Karey Burke was asked how her new corporate sibling was at sharing intellectual property when she spoke to journalists Wednesday at the broadcast channel’s press day at the winter portion of the Television Critics Association biannual tour. She also answered questions about this year’s Oscars ceremony, which air February 9 on ABC, and revealed news of a live production of Mel Brooks’ Young Frankenstein stage musical and more.TOP STORYWHAT TO EXPECT IN A POST-S.H.I.E.L.D. WORLD …(Photo by ABC/Marvel Television)With ABC’s Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. heading into its final season and other&nbsp;series based on Marvel comic-book characters leaving Netflix, it’s easy to assume that all any hope of seeing a live-action superhero show from this universe would require a subscription to the recently launched Disney+, which — like ABC —&nbsp;is a subsidiary of&nbsp;The Walt Disney Company.Burke told journalists at TCA that, while she’s sad to see&nbsp;S.H.I.E.L.D.&nbsp;go, “we’re looking forward to working with [Marvel Studios president] Kevin Feige, and we’re at the very beginning of conversations with him now about what a Marvel and ABC show might look like.”Like all older children who have embraced a new baby in the home, she cautioned that “right now, Marvel’s focus has been on Disney+, as it should be.”IT’S ALIVE! A LIVE SHOW!(Photo by 20th Century Fox)Still into watching (and tweeting about) live TV adaptations of stage musicals? Walk this way …ABC announced Wednesday that it has partnered with Mel Brooks on Young Frankenstein Live!, which is based on the stage musical adaptation by Brooks&nbsp;and Thomas Meehan of the 1974&nbsp;film parody&nbsp;by Brooks and&nbsp;Gene Wilder of the classic Mary Shelley novel —&nbsp;voof!&nbsp;This production will include music from the stage production, which was originally composed by Brooks.Although an official air date has not been released, Burke said that the special will, fittingly, air “just in time for Halloween.” Casting will also be announced later this year.A MILLENNIAL SPIN ON THIRTYSOMETHINGThe latest classic program to get a sequel is&nbsp;thirtysomething, the ground-breaking TV dramedy from the late 20th century about, well, people in their 30s. ABC has ordered a pilot of the project, which is titled&nbsp;thirtysomething(else) and is written by original series creators&nbsp;Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick. Although a deal isn’t finalized yet, the plan is for&nbsp;Zwick to direct.Also returning? Original cast members&nbsp;Ken Olin, Mel Harris, Timothy Busfield, and&nbsp;Patty Wettig. Other actors will play their now-grown offspring because, as the press release states, “apparently, raising&nbsp;children (even grown children) never ends. But who could have known how hard it would be for them&nbsp;to raise their parents?”MODERN FAMILY’S FANS LOVE MITCH &amp; CAM(Photo by ABC/Tony Rivetti)Speaking of fan-favorite series about parenting and families, ABC will be saying goodbye to its Emmy-winning mockumentary&nbsp;Modern Family&nbsp;on April 8. The show has changed the way many people view topics like adoption, interracial marriages and May-December romances. It also helped normalize the previously taboo idea of a married gay couple, thanks to Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Eric Stonestreet’s&nbsp;portrayals of Mitchell Pritchett and Cameron Tucker.The actors and creators are thankful for this appreciation and support. Ferguson thought back to the first episode, where Mitch and Cam surprise their family with the news that they’ve adopted a baby.“Putting a gay couple in the forefront and not having it be a sidekick and having them be an integrated part of the family and not leading with the fact that they’re gay — meeting them when they’re at this moment in time when they’re bringing home a child and becoming new parents for the first time — it’s something that’s incredibly relatable to so many people, gay and straight and nonbinary,” Ferguson told journalists during his show’s TCA panel. “I think it was revolutionary back then, and I don’t think it’s as revolutionary now, which I think is a great thing.”THE OSCARS GO HOSTLESS — AGAINKeeping with what has become a tradition, Burke confirmed that the Academy Awards ceremony will again go without a celebrity host. Still, she promises, that Hollywood’s biggest night will still have “big musical numbers, big comedy and star power.”Don’t feel too bad for Jimmy Kimmel, ABC’s late-night star and former Oscar host. He’ll be hosting a celebrity version of long-running ABC game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. The famous folk will be playing for charity and episodes begin airing April 8. No word on whether Kimmel will don original host Regis Philbin’s wide metallic ties.THE BACHELOR GETS A SONG IN ITS HEART(Photo by ABC/Paul Hebert)You’d think that people would have had enough of silly love songs, but The Bachelor franchise sees it isn’t so.New series The Bachelor: Listen to Your Heart premieres April 13 and is meant to keep fans, ahem, engaged between the end of a season of The Bachelor and the start of a new season of The Bachelorette.The twist to this spin-off? The 20 singletons/contestants will try to find love through music. Yes, to quote the press release, this means they will be “singing well-known songs, both individually and as couples, [and] they will look to form attractions through the melodies, find and reveal their feelings and ultimately, fall in love.”Burke told journalists to “think The Bachelor meets A Star Is Born.”Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"supernatural","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"marvel-at-abc-and-young-frankenstein-live"},{"id":"47509169965251","title":"Deadpool 3 Is Moving Forward at Marvel Studios, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Deadpool 3 Is Moving Forward at Marvel Studios, and More Movie NewsSpike Lee will direct a Viagra musical (really), Sly Stallone joins The Suicide Squad, and Lady Gaga, Saoirse Ronan, Sam Rockwell, and David Oyelowo lead new additions to two ensemble thrillers.by Greg Dean Schmitz | November 20, 2020 |  CommentsThis Week’s Ketchup brings you more headlines from the world of film development news, covering&nbsp;such titles&nbsp;as Deadpool 3,&nbsp;The Suicide Squad, a Spike Lee Viagra musical (yes, really), and a pair of ensemble thrillers.This WEEK’S TOP STORYDEADPOOL 3 MOVES FORWARD AT MARVEL STUDIOSRyan FujitaniIt’s now been over a year and a half since Disney officially acquired&nbsp;the film and TV properties of the former 20th Century Fox, which included the various Marvel titles that had previously been at Fox, like Fantastic Four and everything-X-Men-related. Although there have been the expected rumors and mentions at San Diego Comic-Con, we hadn’t officially heard of any of the Fox/Marvel titles moving forward through the usual development process at Marvel Studios, but we now know which movie has that distinction first. Marvel Studios has officially hired the screenwriting sisters team of Wendy Molyneux and Lizzie Molyneux-Loeglin (Bob’s Burgers, The Great North) to start work on the Deadpool 3 screenplay, with Ryan Reynolds attached to reprise his role as the “merc with a mouth.” Reportedly, Marvel has been&nbsp;meeting with writers pitching their Deadpool 3 ideas for about a month, with the Molyneux sisters eventually pitching “the perfect fit [Marvel] wanted.” Although no premise has been announced yet, the character might be the best choice of all the Fox titles to join the Marvel Cinematic Universe first because of his frequent ability to break the fourth wall, both in the comics and in the movies (as in, he might be the character most aware of possible alternate realities, a la Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse). It’s not yet known if other Deadpool 2 co-stars like Zazie Beetz as Domino or Josh Brolin as Cable might also appear in Deadpool 3, or whether, for example, anyone in the MCU might notice how much Cable looks like Thanos. There is no release date for Deadpool 3, but given the various COVID-19-related delays, it probably won’t be until sometime in 2023 or 2024 at the earliest.Other Top Headlines1.&nbsp;LADY GAGA WILL&nbsp;BOOK A SEAT ON BRAD PITT’S&nbsp;BULLET TRAIN(Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/Getty Images)Brad Pitt has been attached for a while now to star in the action thriller Bullet Train (based on the 2010 Japanese novel Maria Beetle) for Sony Pictures, but this week, the film’s cast expanded quite a bit, revealing it&nbsp;might be similar in style to 1970s ensemble disaster movies like Airport and The Towering Inferno. The latest addition to Bullet Train is singer-turned-actress Lady Gaga, who is probably the biggest star of the group added this week, but she’s expected to have a smaller supporting role. Deadpool 2 star Zazie Beetz also joined the cast, but likewise, her role isn’t known. Another superhero movie co-star, Michael Shannon (Man of Steel), also joined Bullet Train this week. Finally, there’s also TV’s Masi Oka (Heroes, Hawaii-Five-0), likewise in an unknown role. Other members of the Bullet Train ensemble will include Logan Lerman, Joey King, Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Marvel’s Quicksilver), Brian Tyree Henry (from Atlanta, as is Zazie Beetz), and Andrew Koji (Storm Shadow in the upcoming Snake Eyes movie). Bullet Train will be directed by David Leitch, who’s coming off a hot streak that includes Atomic Blonde (Certified Fresh at 78%), Deadpool 2 (Certified Fresh at 84%), and Fast &amp; Furious Presents: Hobbs &amp; Shaw (Fresh at 67%).2. HE GOT GAME: SPIKE LEE TO DIRECT VIAGRA MUSICAL(Photo by Kristin Callahan/Everett Collection)First discovered in 1989&nbsp;as a possible treatment for chest pain, Pfizer introduced the prescription drug sildenafil under the brand name Viagra in 1998 as a medication to treat erectile dysfunction in men. It may have been inevitable that we would eventually get a movie about the invention of Viagra, but few could have guessed that when we did, it&nbsp;would be a musical co-written and directed by Spike Lee. Lee will adapt the screenplay with screenwriter Kwame Kwei-Armah (TV’s Walter’s War, Elmina’s Kitchen) from the 2018 Esquire article All Rise: The Untold Story of The Guys Who Launched Viagra (which you can read right here). (One reason the musical might currently be untitled is that the title All Rise was recently taken by a CBS courtroom drama.) The original songs and music will be written by the team of Stew Stewart and Heidi Rodewald, the creators of the rock musical Passing Strange. In a statement too long to fully quote here, Lee addressed his excitement about this project by frequently using his Shift key: “So Finally Going Into My 4th Decade As A Filmmaker I Will Be Directing A DANCIN’,ALL SINGIN’ MUSICAL Spike Lee Joint And I Can’t Wait. My Moms Has Been Waiting TOO!!! And Dats Da Rodgers And Hammerstein Truth, Ruth.”3. THE MYSTERY GENRE REVIVAL CONTINUES WITH NEW SAOIRSE RONAN MOVIE(Photo by RCF/Everett Collection)Two of 2017’s&nbsp;Best Picture nominees (amid other nominations) at the 90th Annual Academy Awards were Lady Bird and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, and this week, two of the stars of those films were announced&nbsp;to star in a new film together. Saoirse Ronan, Sam Rockwell, and David Oyelowo (Selma) have all signed on to star in an untitled murder mystery thriller from Searchlight Pictures to be directed by British TV director Tom George. The movie will be set in 1950s London, where a Hollywood film producer is trying to adapt a popular play until members of the crew start getting murdered, with Rockwell and Ronan playing the cops investigating the crimes. Whatever this movie ends up being titled, it seems easily grouped together with other recent movies like Knives Out&nbsp;and Murder on the Orient Express as part of a “whodunit revival,” to which we will soon be able to add the Death on the Nile remake, starring Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, and Letitia Wright (Black Panther).4.&nbsp;SYLVESTER STALLONE CONFIRMED FOR&nbsp;THE SUICIDE SQUAD(Photo by Marvel Studios)Although they were only shown together briefly in the film, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 featured Sylvester Stallone, Michelle Yeoh, Ving Rhames, and the voice of Miley Cyrus as a team representative of the original 1970s Guardians of the Galaxy team.(It’s a long story, but the team we know from the movies with Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Groot, Rocket, et al. wasn’t introduced in the comics until 2008.) At the time, it was teased that director James Gunn hoped that Stallone and crew would appear again in a future Marvel Studios movie, but as it turns out, we won’t have to wait for that movie to see Stallone in a James Gunn movie. Gunn confirmed on Instagram&nbsp;over the weekend that Sylvester Stallone has joined the cast&nbsp;of the DC Comics soft reboot of The Suicide Squad (8/6/2021), although the nature of his role, which might be fairly minor, wasn’t revealed. Stallone is joining a massive ensemble cast&nbsp;that includes John Cena, Jai Courtney, Viola Davis, Idris Elba, Nathan Fillion, Michael Rooker, and of course, Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. It’s not yet known when James Gunn will be able to start filming Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 for Marvel, but with the COVID-19 pandemic delays, it’s unlikely the film could be released before 2023.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Grant, Television, All","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/20161404/Deadpool-Ketchup-Rep.jpg","slug":"deadpool-3-is-moving-forward-at-marvel-studios-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47508848033073","title":"Five Favorite Films with Elizabeth Olsen","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Elizabeth OlsenThe rising star of this week's Silent House also talks about the rigors of the shoot, and the pressure of following up her acclaimed Martha Marcy May Marlene.by Luke Goodsell | March 6, 2012 |  Comments(Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)Considering she’s the little sister of two of pop culture’s most famous siblings, Elizabeth Olsen came out of relatively nowhere to wow critics and audiences with her eerie performance in last year’s cult thriller Martha Marcy May Marlene. Some observers even had her pegged for a possible Best Actress Oscar nomination. She was robbed; but we digress.In this week’s horror release Silent House, Olsen again gets to flex her talent for freaking the hell out, only this time with more of the shocks, splatter and lurid psychology favored by the genre crowd. As Sara, a mysterious young woman trapped and fighting for her life in a dilapidated old property, Olsen has the difficult task of carrying the movie — made to resemble one queasy long take — from off-kilter beginnings to its shrieking, full-blown conclusion.We sat down with a much calmer Olsen recently to talk about shooting the film and the pressure of following up the acclaimed Martha; but first, she took a moment to run through her five favorite films.Gone With the Wind (1939)  90%For me a favorite movie is a movie that you can watch at any time, and so I would say Gone With the Wind. I think the cool thing about Gone With the Wind… Well, this is what I decided, as I get older and more intelligent, why I like the film — because as a little kid I just loved the love story, and the Civil War was an interesting thing to me — but now it’s that I think it’s really cool to have the heroine of a film be someone that you really just don’t wanna like. You struggle liking her and I think that’s awesome. It is not a happy film. When it ends it’s just so heartbreaking, and I know it’s happening but I just can’t handle it every time.Annie Hall (1977)  96%I just love Woody Allen movies, so much. Annie Hall is also the first movie poster I owned — and it’s an original; I feel so happy to have it. I would love to work with Woody Allen. I would love to.Manhattan (1979)  94%Also, Manhattan. I can watch Diane Keaton in a Woody Allen movie over and over and over again. Any time I’m on location somewhere foreign, I watch those two movies ’cause they remind me of New York and being happy. I have them on my computer.Roman Holiday (1953)  97%Roman Holiday is another one of those movies: first off, I feel like I’m supposed to go to Rome, like my soul’s supposed to be in Rome, but it’s also one of those movies that I have on my computer for when I’m abroad. It also helps me fall asleep — the older movies, the way they look, for some reason, make me tired. It’s just one of those easy movies to watch and cozy up to and unwind with.Pal Joey (1957)  80%Pal Joey was my favorite musical as a kid. I just love that film.Luke Goodsell for Rotten Tomatoes: Silent House is another intense performance from you after Martha Marcy May Marlene. Do you feel any pressure with this, given the accolades you received for Martha?Elizabeth Olsen: I think I did at first but, you know, they’re different audiences, the two movies. I’m a horror movie fan, and I want horror movie fans to go and see this movie — and that’s a very different audience than people going to art cinema. So at first I was like, “Oh I’m so nervous, what are the critics gonna say?” but now it’s just like, “Wait, this is an audience’s movie.” That’s how I’m thinking about it.RT: You also set the bar too high for yourself. You should’ve started with a really crappy film.Olsen:&nbsp;[laughs] I know.RT:&nbsp;Was this actually shot in one take?Olsen:&nbsp;No. No, it wasn’t. It was very difficult. We did about 13 takes, so the average take was about 10, 12 minutes; maybe a couple were seven minutes. So that’s how we did it.RT:&nbsp;Did you get far into takes and then make a mistake and have to do them again?Olsen:&nbsp;Every day. Every single day we did one shot, and so we literally just worked on one chunk for 12 hours. They only had one or two options that they were allowed to use in editing, because everything else would have a mistake in it and it’d be technically for nothing.RT:&nbsp;I was watching closely the blood splattered on your neck, for example, to see if it moved or changed shape across shots.Olsen:&nbsp;To try and find the continuity? Yeah. There were so many pictures taken at all times. Once we’d finished — actually completed a take fully, all 12 minutes, and they felt confidently about it — every single department was snapping away, all over the set, all over my body. It was just, we literally would have to pick up continuity and be, “Oh, you had a tear here — we have to put a little shiny thing here.” [laughs]RT:&nbsp;So you were being watched very intensely by all these people?Olsen:&nbsp;Yeah. But it was really fun to do these long takes and have the crew be a boom guy and a camera guy — and that’s it. And you’re just in a house, playing make believe. There was something really cool about that. I mean, it was exhausting and difficult, but there was something cool to it.RT:&nbsp;Did filming these multiple long takes help heighten the intensity of the performance?Olsen:&nbsp;It did build the intensity. I don’t know if it helped or not, because I tried hard to try and have some kind of journey and variation; but sometimes — because of the repetitive nature of how we filmed it; there’s no other way to do it, I don’t think — it definitely made things more intense. And you know, if it works it works. I sometimes wish I could go back and be like, “If only I were more brave in that part,” ’cause I feel like that was needed, or something like that — but you’re always gonna do that for every movie, so I’m just letting it go.(Photo by Open Road Films)RT:&nbsp;This character’s pretty traumatized. How do you get to a point where you’re able to escalate that trauma? What sort of preparation did you do?Olsen:&nbsp;You know, we did discuss a lot — and obviously I don’t want to give away the ending — but we did discuss a lot about what happens with trauma and people who hide it, and things like that. So that’s just something that I needed to learn a little bit more about, to justify what happens in the end and understand it. When it comes to just being chased around the house and being scared for your life and trying to get out, I have a pretty fatalistic imagination — and eventually, as we were filming it, it just became like this muscle. And I was actually very sensitive in my everyday life. For instance: I wasn’t driving, but let’s say if I was driving and someone flipped me off or something, I probably would have cried. [laughs] I was so sensitive. I feel like it was such a muscle that came on, like being scared or hurt or nervous — because of doing it over and over again.RT:&nbsp;Those are real tears in the film, then.Olsen:&nbsp;Yeah. [laughs]RT:&nbsp;These characters you’re playing — Sara in this, Martha, and even some of the parts you’ve got coming up — are so harrowed and in such emotional peril. What is it with you and these kinds of roles?Olsen:&nbsp;I’m really interested in working on movies that are also kind of like different genres. I feel like Martha‘s one genre, this is a different type of genre; both are difficult in their own ways, and challenging. But I did do this movie Liberal Arts with Josh Radnor that was at Sundance; I really wanted to do something happy. [laughs] And I did.RT:&nbsp;Okay. I was getting worried about you there.Olsen:&nbsp;[laughs] And I’m doing a really fun movie with Dakota Fanning that’s more based in, what do you call it? It’s not like a comedy but it’s also not a drama. It’s just kind of real. We’re doing that, and then I’m doing two different period pieces — so I am trying to mix it up.RT:&nbsp;Are you looking forward to playing [writer and Jack Kerouac’s wife] Edie Parker in Kill Your Darlings?Olsen:&nbsp;Yeah, I’m so excited. We do that in New York at the end of March. I feel like I’m doing her autobiography in my mind, but I’m really doing four scenes of her life. [laughs] But I’m very excited. It’s gonna be a great movie.Silent House is in theaters this week.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Trek, Pictures, Comedy, PlayStation, spain, movies, Pirates, cancelled, GIFs","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/04134240/ElizabethOlsenFFF1.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-elizabeth-olsen"},{"id":"47613401562664","title":"Cannes 2009: RT’s 10 Most Anticipated Movies","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Cannes 2009: RT's 10 Most Anticipated MoviesWe pick our favourites to look out for from the selection.by RT Staff | May 10, 2009 |  CommentsThe Cannes Film Festival will screen nearly 100 films as part of its Official Selection and associated sidebars when it kicks off next week in the Southern France town. The festival runs from 13-24th May and there are plenty of exciting new movies to keep an eye out for as they premiere on Cannes’ infamous Croisette. To save you the hassle of having to research the whole programme, RT has helpfully chosen ten films we’re most excited to see. Join us as we take a journey through the Cannes Film Festival 2009, kicking off with our daily coverage on Wednesday.Up – Early reaction to Pixar’s 10th film has us wondering if everyone’s favourite animation studio might have pulled another masterpiece out of its bag. Carl Fredricksen is an old man who ties thousands of balloons to his home so he can take a trip into the wilds of South America. It’s not long before he discovers Russell, an 8-year-old wilderness explorer, has tagged along for the ride. Cannes has a history celebrating animation – as recently as last year Kung Fu Panda took a spot in the official selection – but Up will become the first 3D feature to play as part of the festival.Broken Embraces – Pedro Almodovar‘s first feature since 2006’s Volver sees him reteam with muse Penelope Cruz. Here, Almodóvar delves into noir style to tell a tale of a man (Lluis Homar) with dual identities who tries to compartmentalize his life after he loses his love (Cruz) and his sight in a car crash.Taking Woodstock – Ang Lee is always a director whose work is worth a look and whose career has a rare diversity that ensures he scarcely repeats himself. Taking Woodstock stars Emile Hirsch, Liev Schreiber and Imelda Staunton and covers the beginnings of the infamous 1969 Woodstock Festival.Looking for Eric – Director Ken Loach won the Palme d’Or in 2006 for The Wind That Shakes the Barley and he returns to Cannes to premiere his new film about Eric, a Manchester resident whose life may be falling apart around him even as his love for football endures. Featuring a cameo from Manchester United soccer legend, Eric Cantona, early indications put this amongst the shortlist of favourites for the coveted Palme d’Or this year.Thirst – Park Chan-wook‘s previous films include Oldboy and Lady Vengeance, and Thirst promises to be just as excitingly original as the rest of his resume, with a new twist on vampirism. The film tells the tale of a priest who goes to Africa to volunteer as a test subject for a new vaccine and, when the experiment goes wrong, he’s killed and brought back to life as a vampire.Inglourious Basterds – Quentin Tarantino‘s latest will unquestionably be the biggest event of the festival, and Tarantino’s history at Cannes will no doubt ensure a pretty lively party will welcome the premiere. Whether Tarantino’s wonderfully historically-inaccurate twist on life in Occupied France during WW2 will go down with the critics remains to be seen, but the film’s tale of a group of ultraviolent soldiers on the hunt for Nazi scalps will no doubt entertain audiences when it releases in August.Antichrist – You can accuse Lars von Trier (Dogville) of plenty, but he’s certainly not guilty of subtlety. Traditionally controversial and suitably experimental, only two actors, Charlotte Gainsbourg and Willem Dafoe, star in this supernatural thriller. They play a couple who attempt to grieve for their dead child by living in seclusion in the middle of a forest where they encounter pure evil.Tetro – Tucked away in festival sidebar Director’s Fortnight – director Francis Ford Coppola turned down an Out of Competition slot in the main selection – Tetro stars Vincent Gallo in a tale deeply personal to Coppola. After a cool reaction to his last directorial effort, Youth Without Youth, all eyes are on this film to see if Coppola still has the talent that brought us films like The Godfather and Apocalypse Now.The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus – As troubled as Terry Gilliam productions come, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus lost its main star halfway through filming when Heath Ledger died, but managed to come together with the help of Johnny Depp, Colin Farrell and Jude Law who all took on elements of Ledger’s role. Unquestionably one of the most anticipated screenings of the festival.Drag Me to Hell – Colour us excited for Sam Raimi’s return to horror. Alison Lohman stars as a loan offer whose desire for promotion prompts her to decline a risky mortgage extension to a strange woman who puts a curse on her. How far will she go to break the curse? Typically scary and hilarious at turns, Drag Me To Hell gets a special late night screening at Cannes.The Cannes Film Festival 2009 starts on Wednesday 13th May. Stay tuned to RT for more as the festival starts.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"camera, Century, singing, docudrama, story, boxing, period","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"cannes-2009-rts-10-most-anticipated-movies"},{"id":"47614577975383","title":"Five Historic Moments for Black Filmmakers and Actors in the Past 12 Months","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Historic Moments for Black Filmmakers and Actors in the Past 12 MonthsSpike's moment in the sun, the $100 million club, Ava's first: At the start of Black History Month, we look back at a landmark year for African Americans at the movies.by Jacqueline Coley | February 1, 2019 |  CommentsIt has been just over&nbsp;a year&nbsp;since Jordan Peele made history winning the Best Original Screenplay Oscar for his genre-bending horror film Get Out. He also made history with his nominations:&nbsp;Peele was the first African American to be nominated for Best Picture, Director, and Screenplay for&nbsp;a debut film. This awards season he returns to the Oscars stage as one of the producers of Spike Lee’s critically acclaimed&nbsp;BlacKkKlansman, placing a bookend on a historic year for Black filmmakers. Kicked off by Black Panther’s&nbsp;box office dominance&nbsp;and culminating with&nbsp;Into the Spider-Verse‘s Miles Morales’ near-perfect debut, 2018 was a watershed moment for diverse filmmakers and stories. Though vastly different in tone, technique, and genre, each Black-led film added to the history and legacy of Black cinema, and expanded upon it. In honor of Black History Month, we’re taking moment to celebrate&nbsp;some of the most historic moments from the last 12 months for Black filmmakers and performers. These aren’t all of them, of course: so please add your favorites in the comments.Spike Finally gets&nbsp;his due(Photo by David Lee /© Focus Features /Courtesy Everett Collection)Spike Lee&nbsp;presented Jordan&nbsp;Peele with the win for Best Director at last year’s Independent Spirit Awards. When the&nbsp;Get Out writer-director&nbsp;got to the&nbsp;stage he made a&nbsp;point to&nbsp;highlight the synergy of that moment saying, “Getting this award from Spike is crazy, let’s make no mistake I would not be standing here if we’re not for this man.” In turn,&nbsp;Lee might not have gained his first directorial Oscar nomination if it were not for Peele passing on the opportunity to helm&nbsp;BlacKkKlansman, signing on as a producer,&nbsp;and hiring Lee to direct.&nbsp;The movie was a big return to form for Lee: It&nbsp;earned&nbsp;the&nbsp;Grand Prix prize at the Cannes Film Festival, has&nbsp;nabbed six Oscar nominations, and is his best-reviewed film in over a decade. The ’70s-set dramedy – and scathing indictment on political apathy – earned Lee his first DGA&nbsp;nomination, too, and shows he is still one of the premier cinematic voices when it comes to pointed ‘socio-cinematic’ commentary.Five Join the $100 million club(Photo by Barry Wetcher /© MGM /Courtesy Everett Collection)African American filmmakers also shined at the 2018 box office. In February, Ryan Coogler’s Black Panther racked up over $700 million at the domestic&nbsp;box office, and finished the year as the highest-earning film of 2018.&nbsp;Other African American filmmakers to earn over $100 million at the box office in 2018 included Antoine Fuqua (Equalizer 2), Peter Ramsey (Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse), Steven Caple Jr. (Creed II), and Ava DuVernay (A Wrinkle in Time).&nbsp;The African American filmmakers’ movies earned a combined $1.2 billion at the domestic box office.Hannah Beachler’s Oscars First(Photo by Priscilla Grant/Everett Collection)In the&nbsp;90-plus&nbsp;years of the Academy Awards there had never been a black production designer nominated for an&nbsp;Oscar&nbsp;– then Hannah Beachler made history.&nbsp;Her&nbsp;Afro-futurist set design for&nbsp;Black Panther helped immerse the audience in the world of Wakanda; from the nation’s “planes” to the Throne Room to Shuri’s laboratory, the detailing of every prop and backdrop was unlike anything we had seen on the big screen. (Music fans may know Beachler for her Emmy-nominated work on Beyoncé’s visual album Lemonade. Does Beyoncé trump the Oscars? If Beachler wins we just might find out.)Ava DuVernay&nbsp;Makes History, Signs Mega DealsWe previously mentioned that DuVernay was one of the five African American directors&nbsp;whose films made more than $100&nbsp;million at the domestic box office in 2018, but the Selma director distinguishes herself further as the first ever African American female director to do so with&nbsp;A Wrinkle In Time. It was one of several big achievements for DuVernay in 2018: She was also the first Black female director to serve on the Jury at the Cannes film Festival (alongside Denis Villeneuve, Cate Blanchett, and Kristen Stewart); she inked a $100 million multi-year deal with Warner Bros. Television; and wrapped production on her&nbsp;Central Park Five&nbsp;miniseries for Netflix. Did we mention she is directing New Gods for DC? As if that wasn’t enough, the publicist-turned-director&nbsp;continuously works to ensure the&nbsp;next crop of female filmmakers has access to opportunities. DuVernay’s OWN series,&nbsp;Queen Sugar,&nbsp;again led all scripted television programs in the hiring of female filmmakers, particularly&nbsp;women of color.Sterling K. Brown’s Honors Pile Up&nbsp;(Photo by Ron Batzdorff / ©NBC / courtesy Everett Collection)Sterling K. Brown’s entire 2018 – and early 2019 – has been one for the record books.&nbsp;In January of last year, the&nbsp;This is Us&nbsp;Star&nbsp;became the first African American to win the SAG Award for Outstanding Male Actor in a Drama Series. He also became the first black man to win a Golden Globe for acting in a TV drama. Just this past week he became only the second actor to win Best Ensemble in a Motion Picture (for&nbsp;Black Panther)&nbsp;and a TV program (for&nbsp;The Is Us) at the same SAG Awards ceremony, and the first-ever African American to do so.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Emmy, chucky, japanese, Chernobyl, &, Unbreakable, Musicals, cancelled, 2021, independent, true, Mindy, YouTube","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"five-historic-moments-for-black-filmmakers-and-actors-in-the-past-12-months"},{"id":"47613181398460","title":"Sydney Film Festival Gets Wooed","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Sydney Film Festival Gets WooedLegendary Director To Attend Australian Premiereby Luke Goodsell | May 19, 2009 |  CommentsLegendary Hong Kong action director John Woo (Face/Off, Hard Boiled) will walk the red carpet at this year’s Sydney Film Festival for the Australian premiere of his latest feature, Red Cliff, on June 9.Red Cliff joins a host of big premieres at this year’s SFF. Opening with the latest from British director Ken Loach, Looking For Eric, on June 2, the festival will showcase the Australian premieres of new work from French provocateur Catherine Breillat (Bluebeard), indie stylist Steven Soderbergh (The Girlfriend Experience) and American auteur Jim Jarmusch (The Limits of Control). Plus, the dazzling new 3D stop-motion feature from Nightmare Before Christmas director Henry Selick, Coraline, will make its Australian debut. Star Teri Hatcher will appear on the red carpet to accompany the premiere.The festival also highlights new Australian work from Rachel Ward (Beautiful Kate), debut director Andrew Lancaster (Accidents Happen)and Khoa Do (Missing Water).Of course, that’s just the surface. For a full program list – which includes some excellent retrospectives – head over to the Sydney Film Festival’s website","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"King, HBO, movies, Ellie, mutant, killer, Prime, lord, television, street, book, YouTube, Century","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"sydney-film-festival-gets-wooed"},{"id":"47613432898102","title":"Hear Us Out: Red Eye Is One of Wes Craven’s Best Works, And We Should Not Forget It","content":"Hear Us Outvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Hear Us Out: Red Eye Is One of Wes Craven's Best Works, And We Should Not Forget ItThe taut and terrifying thriller marked a return to form for the master of horror and saw him at the peak – or at least the cruising altitude –&nbsp;of his formidable powers.by Joel Meares | August 18, 2020 |  CommentsAfter a run of Rotten disappointments in the early 2000s, horror maestro Wes Craven released airplane thriller&nbsp;Red Eye&nbsp;in 2005. It was acclaimed as a smarter-than-average, skillfully made terrorist thriller at the time – a two-hander about two strangers who meet on a plane, one a dedicated hotel employee, the other a sinister suit with a secret and a terrifying mission – and would be the late director’s final Certified Fresh film. And yet the movie has been largely forgotten by many, and is rarely mentioned among Craven’s best works.&nbsp;It’s easy to see why: The director is synonymous with Freddie, and Ghostface, and violent ’70s and ’80s terrors;&nbsp;Red Eye&nbsp;was in many ways a conventional thriller, well done if slight, bearing little of Craven’s trademarks — at least on the surface. Look closer and the movie has the director’s bloody fingerprints all over it, from his ability to expertly read and reflect a nation’s current fears to his fine work with young, on-the-verge actors. And yes, he even gives us a great Craven crescendo.So, hear us out: It’s time we remember&nbsp;Red Eye&nbsp;for what it is – one of the master of suspense’s best works. Here’s why.It Marked A Triumphant Comeback For the Legendary&nbsp;Director(Photo by © Dreamworks)Horror fans rightly revere Wes Craven as a legend, a master of horror, the man who gave us iconic and genre-defining works like A Nightmare on Elm Street, Scream, and The Hills Have Eyes. If there was a Mount Rushmore for scary movie guys, his face would be on it. But in a 40-year career there are always going to be misses among the hits, and Wes Craven’s filmography is about as bumpy as a desert road trip in a Wes Craven movie. (Remember Vampire In Brooklyn? Or My Soul to Take? Or The Hills Have Eyes 2? We do.)The director hit a particularly rough stretch of road following the success of Scream 2 and 1999’s kinda-sorta-well-received play at Oscar glory, Music of the Heart, an earnest inspirational-teacher drama starring Meryl Streep. In 2000, he released Scream 3, the first and only Rotten entry in that franchise, and followed that up with Cursed, a so-bad-it’s-actually-fabulous-in-retrospect attempt by Craven and Scream writer Kevin Williamson to revive the werewolf genre… by making a Scream rip-off with snouts. (Production was a complete mess on the project, largely thanks to interference from the Weinsteins, and it shows.)By 2005, the only way for Craven was up, and –&nbsp;cue airplane metaphor – Red Eye allowed him to soar. Liberated from studio interference and overwhelming expectations –&nbsp;he wasn’t being asked to close out a beloved trilogy or kickstart another subgenre renaissance –&nbsp;Craven brought his formidable talent for suspense to a smart and self-contained script by Carl Ellsworth, and showed his often too-unsung ability to bring the best out of young actors. Critically lauded as one of the tightest, most nerve-racking thrillers to come along in years, Red Eye was a reminder that the master still had a knack for terror –&nbsp;no matter the altitude.It’s Anchored By Two Great Performances&nbsp;(Photo by © Dreamworks)It’s a testament to Cillian Murphy’s skill as an actor that we don’t dismiss him –&nbsp;or the film, really – the instant we learn his villainous character’s name is “Jackson Rippner.” Murphy, whose 2005 would include his entrée into the mainstream playing Scarecrow in Batman Begins, is all alluring mystery as he flirts in the check-in line and over drinks at an airport bar, and when the script turns, he makes a seamless transition to pure menace. But the movie ultimately belongs to this two-hander’s other hand, Rachel McAdams, fresh off of The Notebook, showing the same steeliness and pluck audiences loved in that film as she tangles with an altogether different kind of male pursuer. Like Rippner, her Lisa undergoes a transformation as the plane races towards Miami: From exhausted daughter allowing herself a little fun to terrified prey, and, ultimately, resourceful final girl, and McAdams delivers on every note. By the time the film devolves to a Scream-a-like in its house-bound finale –&nbsp;or ascends to it, depending on your tastes –&nbsp;you find yourself rooting for her just as you would a bloodied, bruised, but still-standing Sidney Prescott or Nancy Thompson.It Perfectly Captures the Nightmare of Post 9/11 Travel(Photo by © Dreamworks)Craven was an expert when it came to perfectly encapsulating an era’s fears, and Red Eye&nbsp;is no exception.&nbsp;Flying in the years after 9/11 was a source of serious anxiety for many Americans onto whose brains the images of that tragic day were still freshly etched. That anxiety was stoked throughout the 2000s by reports of unsuccessful terrorist attempts –&nbsp;Richard Reid’s failed shoe-bombing among the earliest – involving commercial flights and airports. The palpable national fear around air travel led to many things: The time-consuming security measures we undergo when we fly; some awful racial profiling by passengers and authorities; and, of course, several movies that tried to mine that fear for cinematic thrills.In 2005, Red Eye did just that, along with the bigger-budget Flightplan, starring Jodie Foster as a mother who wakes up mid-flight to discover her six-year-old daughter has disappeared. (Author side note: On a flight back in 2005 I was awakened mid-flight BY Jodie Foster lightly bumping my shoulder as she took her child to the bathroom!) But Red Eye was the more successful of the two, critically if not commercially, because it hit the nerve harder and more directly. Where Flightplan’s tale was complicated, confused, and conspiracy-focused, Red Eye was born directly from the very simple questions many travelers were sweatily asking themselves as they took their seats: Who am I sitting next to? What if I’m on that flight? Would I fight back –&nbsp;or cower?The movie also gets the more general horrors of modern-day air travel spot on, with nods to the draconian security process –&nbsp;“Flying’s so much fun these days!” –&nbsp;and one of cinema’s most realistic renderings of coach class. Just watching Lisa squeeze herself down the aisle as other customers sardine themselves into the cabin, over-stuff the overhead, and, in one particularly visceral cutaway, slurp up a box of noodles… I shiver every time.It’s A Not-So-Veiled Dig At Corporate America(Photo by © Dreamworks)In one sense, Red Eye is a high-octane game of cat-and-mouse between a psychotic terrorist and a resourceful final girl; in another, it’s about two cogs in two different corporate machines trying to satisfy their employers and getting in each others’ way in the process. Because that really is the crux of what the two characters are doing:&nbsp;Lisa, the ever-diligent employee, who’s seen constantly solving problems for her mega hotel and its customers, is willing to risk her own father’s life to try to avoid harm coming to either; Jack is the mid-level manager who’s been given an assignment&nbsp;–&nbsp;get Lisa to change the room –&nbsp;and will stop at nothing to keep a client satisfied. The client just happens to be some sort of terrorist organization.Jack in particular becomes a kind of maniacal embodiment of make-the-sale-at-any-cost corporate culture –&nbsp;he’s the knife-wielding version of a Wall Street banker in some respects –&nbsp;and at one point leans in to tell Lisa they may not be so different. “I never lied to you, Leese,” he says, as she struggles for air. “Know why? ’Cause it doesn’t serve me. We’re both professionals. We have the will and means to follow through. ’Cause when we don’t, our customers aren’t happy. And when they’re not, we suffer and our lives go to s—.”&nbsp;I swear I’ve read that in a corporate training packet somewhere…The Ending Is Bonkers, In a Good, Polarizing, and Craven-y WayAt the time of its release, a number of critics pointed out that the thriller’s finale feels out-of-step with the taut, disciplined film that precedes it; when the plane lands, the intimate suspense Craven built up in the fuselage is traded in for an elaborate chase sequence that takes us through the airport and eventually to Lisa’s father’s house where Rippner grabs a knife and gets all Ghostface on us. There’s hiding behind walls, and creaking doors, and falling while running away, and a pretty great he’s-behind-the-door jump scare. It’s all a bit ridiculous.Why does it work? Because for all of its incisive mining of post-9/11 fears, its light social commentary, and its tight script, Red Eye has an air of the ridiculous right from the get-go. Everything in the film is heightened to an almost surreal, wink-wink level: Think Jayma Mays’ hilariously frazzled hotel receptionist; Colby from Survivor showing up as a cartoonishly stoic bodyguard; almost every other passenger on the flight&nbsp;rendered as if plucked from an&nbsp;SNL&nbsp;skit; and the overall terrorist plot itself. Just when you think that having a government official moved to a penthouse suite so that it’s easier for terrorists to blow up his room with a surface-to-air missile is straining credulity, said terrorists retrieve their missile by fishing it out of the water with… a few regular fishing rods.The movie’s climax is only out of step if you weren’t paying attention to the movie itself.&nbsp;It is excessive, and, yes, it has more than just echoes of Craven’s previous work, but it’s also a release; the director eschews&nbsp;a tighter, neater, subtler ending to give the audience what they want, making a meal of the tension he’s built throughout and throwing on a second dessert of slasher fun just because he can.And Craven&nbsp;can, which is the other exciting thing about this finale. It is tense and scary and delicious. After two public failures, and with his ability to jolt us out of our skin in question, the master&nbsp;gives us 15 minutes of what he does best, reminding us he’s indeed still a master. Just because he can.Red Eye&nbsp;was released on&nbsp;August 19, 2005.#1Red Eye (2005) 79%#1Adjusted Score: 85.491% Critics Consensus: With solid performances and tight direction from Wes Craven, Red Eye is a brisk, economic thriller.Synopsis: A woman is kidnapped by a stranger on a routine flight. Threatened by the potential murder of her father, she... [More]Starring: Rachel McAdams, Cillian Murphy, Brian Cox, Jayma MaysDirected By: Wes Craven","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"binge, Prime, golden, Awards, Swim, vampires, SXSW, crime, Funimation, Islander, Peacock, Shondaland, female, Warner","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"hear-us-out-red-eye-is-one-of-wes-cravens-best-works-and-we-should-not-forget-it"},{"id":"47508879005267","title":"The Santa Clause, Misery, and More Available to Stream on Netflix and Amazon Prime","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Santa Clause, Misery, and More Available to Stream on Netflix and Amazon Primeby RT Staff | December 13, 2016 |  CommentsThere’s a lot of random stuff newly available to stream this week, but at least we get a season-appropriate choice and a reliable thriller. Then we’ve also got a handful of acclaimed smaller films and a couple of classics to round out the list. Read on for all the choices this week.New on Netflix&nbsp;Asperger's Are Us (2016)  100%This humorous documentary centers on four friends with varying degrees of autism in a comedy troupe together as they prepare for what could be their final show.Available now on: NetflixBreaking A Monster (2016)  100%This documentary charts the success of a preteen band and the viral fame that earned them a gig opening for Metallica.Available now on: NetflixSpa Night (2016)  96%This indie drama centers on a young Korean-American man in Los Angeles who struggles against cultural exepctations when he experiences a sexual awakening at his new job.Available now on: NetflixThe Santa Clause (1994)  72%Tim Allen stars in this holiday family comedy about a divorced father who accidentally kills Santa Claus and inherits his job.Available now on: NetflixNew on Amazon Prime&nbsp;Mozart in the Jungle: Season 3 (2016)  100%This lighthearted Amazon original comedy shows the inner workings of the contemporary fictitious New York Symphony, led by a young upstart conductor.Available now on: Amazon PrimeMisery (1990)  90%Kathy Bates and James Caan star in this thriller based on the Stephen King novel about a disturbed woman who takes a famous author hostage and forces him to write a new novel.Available now on: Amazon PrimeThe Iran Job (2013)  90%This documentary follows an American basketball player who decides to play for a professional team in Iran and discovers the country is not what he expected.Available now on: Amazon PrimeMeet John Doe (1941)  91%Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck star in&nbsp;Frank Capra’s comedy about a reporter who causes a national stir when she publishes a controversial fake letter and hires a former ballplayer to pose as the letter’s author.Available now on: Amazon PrimeUncertain Terms (2015)  71%This indie drama centers on a scorned man who retreats to his aunt’s countryside home for pregnant teens, where he unwittingly stirs up trouble among the residents.Available now on: Amazon PrimeAvailable to Purchase&nbsp;Train to Busan (Busanhaeng) (2016)  94%This apocalyptic action-horror film from South Korea follows a group of passengers on a commuter train fighting to survive a zombie outbreak.Available now on: Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW, iTunesAmerican Honey (2016)  79%Sasha Lane delivers a breakout performance in Andrea Arnold’s drama about a girl who sets out across the midwest with a traveling sales crew.Available now on: Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;iTunesMiss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (2016)  64%Eva Green and Asa Butterfield star in Tim Burton’s adaptation of the eponymous 2011 novel, about a boy who discovers a secret house where a mysterious headmistress presides over children with exotic supernatural powers.Available now on: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;iTunesSnowden (2016)  61%Joseph Gordon-Levitt stars in Oliver Stone’s portrait of the famed CIA employee who leaked classified information from the NSA and exposed a number of clandestine surveillance programs.Available now on: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;iTunes","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"Kemper, Geographic, critic, VOD, Broadway, 2019, Anna, comedy, on, Sundance, SDCC, GLAAD, television","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/13125333/Santa-Clause-Streaming.jpg","slug":"the-santa-clause-misery-and-more-available-to-stream-on-netflix-and-amazon-prime"},{"id":"47509117934323","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Riddick Rules Worst Weekend of 2013","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Riddick Rules Worst Weekend of 2013by Gitesh Pandya | September 8, 2013 |  CommentsThe slowest box office session of the year was ruled by action star Vin Diesel whose latest testosterone sequel Riddick topped the charts opening to an estimated $18.7M. Universal averaged a decent $6,010 from 3,107 locations and generated a debut that was not very muscular, but not lousy either. Considering the weak marketplace and the glut of action titles over the past couple of months, it was a respectable launch.The weekend after the Labor Day holiday is generally one of the weakest of the entire year as kids go back to school, a new football season begins giving extra competition to male-skewing films, and studios generally avoid opening anything big. The Top 20 slumped to $77M this weekend – the worst tally of 2013.The R-rated Riddick was the third film of the sci-fi franchise and followed the last installment after a prolonged nine-year gap. The Chronicles of Riddick opened to $24.3M in June 2004 which was considered underwhelming at the time and ended off with $57.6M. As expected, the new Riddick played to a heavily male crowd as studio research showed that guys were 59% of the audience. 53% were age 30 or older and 69% were non-white.Reviews were mixed but fairly good for a Vin Diesel-led sci-fi threequel. Audiences were only somewhat pleased with their ticket purchase as the CinemaScore grade was a lackluster B. The domestic gross should, however, end up north of its production cost of $38M and international potential is solid given the popularity of the star and the genre.Following a three-week run at number one, the hit White House drama The Butler settled for second place with an estimated $8.9M, off a reasonable 40%. With a solid $91.9M after its fourth frame, The Weinstein Co. release should reach nine-digit territory next weekend.Latino audiences powered the Spanish-language family comedy Instructions Not Included into third place with an estimated $8.1M in its second weekend rising two spots from last weekend’s impressive debut. Lionsgate doubled the theater count going from 348 to 717 locations and saw the weekend gross inch up 3%. The distributor is expecting a slim 6% Saturday-to-Sunday decline based on historical comps. Other wide releases are forecasting drops between 35% and 50% for this weekend. Instructions did, however, enjoy the best Sunday boost in sales last weekend of all major pictures. With $20.3M in ten days, the PG-13 film should find its way to double that amount by the end of the run.Off only 38% in its fifth weekend, the sleeper hit comedy We’re the Millers grabbed another $7.9M, according to estimates, pushing the cume up to a remarkable $123.8M. A final near the $145M area is likely. Disney’s animated entry Planes followed in fifth with an estimated $4.3M, down 45%, for a $79.3M total.Teen girls abandoned the boy band doc One Direction: This Is Us which suffered the third worst sophomore drop of 2013. The Sony release grossed an estimated $4.1M tumbling by a massive 74%. The only films this year to collapse worse in the second weekend were the fright films Texas Chainsaw 3D and The Purge which both fell by 76% after opening at number one. One Direction has banked $24M to date and should end up with about $30M. Global total to date is $50M.Sony stablemate Elysium declined by 52% to an estimated $3.1M for $85.1M thus far with the worldwide take now up to $212.2M. The studio’s specialty division followed as Woody Allen’s leggy indie hit Blue Jasmine continued to score with upscale adults collecting an estimated $2.7M, down only 33%. The Sony Classics release is now the veteran filmmaker’s second highest-grossing film from the past quarter-century behind Midnight in Paris. A final in the $30-35M range is possible which is terrific for a low-budget specialty pic.Taking ninth place was the effects-driven actioner Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters with an estimated $2.5M, down 44%, and $59.8M overall for Fox. Rounding out the end of the top ten list was the British comedy The World’s End with an estimated $2.3M, off 54%, and a cume of $21.7M for Focus.Sony expanded its doomsday comedy hit This Is The End putting it back into wide release in 2,161 locations and collected an extra $2M, according to estimates. That boosted the cume to within striking distance of the century mark at $98.9M. End earned strong reviews and enjoyed good legs, but opened head-to-head against Man of Steel in June so some of the target audience of young men may have missed it the first time around. Another week would put it over the $100M mark – a milestone that is more just for film industry bragging rights these days.With the summer movie season now over, here are the top ten domestic blockbusters and their current grosses: Iron Man 3 ($408.9M), Despicable Me 2 ($357.5M), Man of Steel ($290.8M), Monsters University ($265M), Fast &amp; Furious 6 ($238.7M), Star Trek Into Darkness ($228.8M), World War Z ($201.3M), The Heat ($157.5M), The Great Gatsby ($144.8M), and The Conjuring ($135.2M).The top ten films grossed an estimated $62.6M which was up 34% from last year when The Possession stayed at number one with $9.3M; and up 3% from 2011 when Contagion opened in the top spot with $22.4M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter?","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"streaming, Games, fiction, cancelled, Rocky, Hulu, Martial, renewals, female, Sneak, name, natural, golden, 45","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Riddick-Rules-Worst-Weekend-of-2013"},{"id":"47508694867880","title":"6 Reasons To Give DC’s Legends of Tomorrow Another Chance","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})6 Reasons To Give DC’s Legends of Tomorrow Another ChanceThe Legion of Doom, history bros, humor, and guest stars like Matt Ryan as John Constantine are just a few of the reasons to love the new Legends.by Erik Amaya | February 8, 2018 |  CommentsIn an unorthodox scheduling move, DC’s Legends of Tomorrow&nbsp;and Supergirl are sharing the Monday night 9 p.m. timeslot as both finish their third seasons. Starting next Monday, Legends airs in place of Supergirl, which will in return in April. To some, the split-scheduling suggests a loss in confidence in The CW’s strangest superhero show. But according to CW President Mark Pedowitz, its audience is incredibly loyal and followed the show from its original Thursday night slot to Tuesdays. Presumably, they will be there for the Monday night move as well.But if you walked away from Legends, here are six reasons to give the show another chance.1. It Righted Its CourseIf you walked away, chances are it occurred during or near the end of the first season. And even the most dedicated fan of the series will admit its first year was a rocky beginning. The romance between Carter Hall (Falk Hentschel) and Kendra Saunders (Ciara Renee) was one of the weakest in the entire Arrowverse. The season-long fight against Vandal Savage (Casper Crump) – a worthy opponent on paper and in the comics – failed to create much momentum.But the second season removed those elements and found a new premise for the show: a group of misfits tooling around time and getting into trouble. All the while, they are chased by a charismatic group of villains and the man who teamed them up in the first place. The soft revamp focused the show while giving it a greater freedom to play with the time travel element with lively visits to the Old West, the 1940s, and even the Stone Age. A new romance between newcomers Nate Heywood (Nick Zano) and Amaya Jiwe (Maisie Richardson-Sellers) worked in ways the Hawkes never did. But perhaps the most important change to the show was adopting the devil-may-care attitude of Mick Rory (Dominic Purcell), the semi-reformed pyromaniac and thief. Suddenly, traveling in time was fun.2. Nate Heywood and Ray Palmer – History Bros!And no two characters adopted that sense of fun better than Nate and Ray Palmer (Brandon Routh). Nate was introduced as an archeologist, but his fanboy enthusiasm consistently disarmed his researcher’s eye, leading to even bigger changes to the timestream than the Legends hoped to avoid. But almost always at his side to squee when meeting people like George Lucas and King Arthur is Ray, a clever scientist who also can’t help but want to be at a Comic-Con as long and as deep as history himself.In that Camelot episode — which turned out to be the creation of a timelost superhero — Ray reveals his admiration for the time to Sir Galahad. When the knight is later killed in a sneak attack, Ray offers to take his place despite Nate revealing that a “Sir Raymond of the Palms” suddenly appeared in the Arthurian legend and is fated to die on the battlefield. While it seems Ray’s childhood wish gets the best of him, he heeds Nate’s words and wears an extra layer of protection during the fated battle against.Shortly thereafter, the two find themselves on the set of a low-budget sci-fi movie assisting George Lucas. The two could not be more thrilled as Star Wars inspired Ray to study the sciences and Indiana Jones led Nate to the path of anthropology. But when their fanboying scares Lucas into quitting film school, they suddenly lose all knowledge of their original pursuits.Its clever turns like the this which makes the show a rewarding watch week after week. But not every moment boils down to goofing off in time; and Legends knows how to switch to seriousness.3. Sara’s Journey to CaptainOver the course of the first two seasons, Sara Lance (Caity Lotz) the undead Canary of Arrow fame went from reckless brawler with a bottle of Jack Daniels in her hand to a competent team leader. Original team captain Rip Hunter (Arthur Darvill) later claimed that was his intention from the start, but it also looks like a happy accident as time often plays tricks on him. The end result for Sara is a role she was meant to have, but could never find in the Star City of Oliver Queen&nbsp;or in the League of Assassin’s stronghold in Nanda Parbat (although she has made her way there to recenter herself once or twice).But the toughest moment for Sara occurred when she learned her sister Laurel (Katie Cassidy) was killed at the hands of magician Damien Darhk (Neal McDonough). When a younger Darkh emerged as their enemy, it took everything in her power to avoid assassinating him and wrecking the timeline. The fact she resisted it despite a couple of good opportunities to avenge Laurel prove she has grown a great deal since her post-resurrection impulsiveness. Granted, she can still be impulsive from time to time.That sort of character growth can be seen in the Firestorm pair of Jax (Franz Drameh) and Martin Stein (Victor Garber). Still strangers for the most part when they got aboard the Legends’ timeship, they were definitely family by the end of their story earlier this year thanks to body-swapping, repeated encounter with Stein’s younger self, and a dangerous rescue from a Soviet gulag.But something has to motivate all this time travel, and it typically emanates from the Legion of Doom.4. The Legion of DoomNamed in honor of the Super Friends’ antagonists, season 2 brought Darhk, Malcolm Merlyn (John Barrowman), and the Reverse-Flash (Matt Letscher) together under a common goal: claim the Spear of Destiny and rewrite their pasts. Though the term “Legion of Doom” was met with derision by Sara when Nate and Ray first used it, Darhk himself fell in love with it, which is key to understanding the villain’s role on Legends.McDonough, who returns this year as Darhk following the events of Arrow’s fourth season, delights in his villainy. Unlike the darker or more complicated big bads like Zoom (Teddy Sears and the voice of Tony Todd) or Clifford DeVoe (Neil Sandilands), Darhk enjoys himself. He was that way on Arrow as well, but as they voice of the opposition, he brings an energy Savage lacked in Legends‘ first season. Also, Darhk’s sense of fun is infectious. Malcolm Merlyn starts to laugh more and even when the pair are trying to stab each other in the back, there’s a good-natured sense about it.But the Legion of Doom can be a serious threat. Reverse-Flash, desperate to stop a time-wraith from erasing him, was all business until he was seemingly victorious. And Darkh’s partner this year — the unseen Mallus (voiced by John Noble) — is not the quippy confrere Malcolm Merlyn was last year. Yet, in balancing that sense of menace with a shot of glee, the Legion of Doom manages to be the most engaging set of villains around.5. It’s Consistently FunnyBut what sets Legends apart the most is its willingness to be funny. Where The Flash occasionally remembers it was originally the show with the lighter tone and shrinks Cisco (Carlos Valdes) and Ralph (Hartley Sawyer) to LEGO minifig size, Legends will set an entire episode around Christmas turning into an Odinsday celebration thanks to a timelost Christmas gift named Beebo. It even uses the “Merry Christmas” greeting to determine whether or not the team saved Christmas or bungled things up worse.It got worse before it got better.Another recent episodes saw a young Ray Palmer (Jack Fisher) living out the plot of E.T.: The Extra-terrestrial with deadly Dominators instead of a benevolent mushroom creature (or whatever E.T. is supposed to be). The jokes come fast as Nate finds himself attracted to Ray’s mother; which the shape-shifting Dominator matron uses against him. Also, newcomer Zari (Tala Ashe) openly mocks the team’s costumes despite putting one on herself.Though Mick Rory’s complicated relationship with his father was explored during a trip to the Vietnam War recently, his cutting remarks and permanently affixed beer bottle are always a guaranteed laugh. But his drinking habit also led to television’s only funny intervention as an alternate reality version of his old friend Leonard Snart (Wentworth Miller), pointed out his chemical dependence. Mick’s attempt to go cold turkey underscores Purcell’s comedic chops and the show’s ability to find a comedic edge in its darker elements.6. Wally West And John Constantine Are Stopping ByConstantine fans will be happy to know that Matt Ryan is making another appearance as the trench-coat-wearing magician and grifter. This time, he needs Sara’s help to exorcise a demon who happens to know her name. If the show is bringing the team to an asylum with Constantine, you know you can expect at least two extended Exorcist jokes.And in the weeks ahead, Wally West (Keiynan Lonsdale) debuts as a permanent fixture on Legends. Criminally underused on The Flash since season four began, Wally’s unfortunate also-ran (pun intended) status makes him a perfect addition to the team. He and Nate are already friends, as seen in the first episode of Legends‘ third season. He is also a dependable fighter, as seen in 2017’s “Crisis on Earth-X” crossover event. His speedster powers also set him apart from the motley assortment of gadgets, powers and fighting prowess aboard the Waverider.DC’s Legends of Tomorrow is definitely the breeziest of The CW superhero shows, but its mix of humor, pathos, ridiculous plots and character growth also makes it the closest thing to reading a late-1980s or early-1990s comic book. The team is also fun to be around as they experience the very same thrill viewers get by seeing Julius Caesar incite a bunch a frat bros into crossing the Rubicon. Well, it was really Aruba in 2017. You kind of had to be there.And if you weren’t, there’s never been a better time to give Legends of Tomorrow another shot.DC’s Legends of Tomorrow returns Monday, February 12 at 9/8C on The CW.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"indie, LGBTQ, Association, FOX, 99%, Yoda, in, directors, Mirror, TV, Series, cults, Critics, romance","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/08175808/dcs-legends-of-tomorrow-600x314.jpg","slug":"6-reasons-to-give-dcs-legends-of-tomorrow-another-chance"},{"id":"47614187616152","title":"In Other News…Rose McGowan, Al Pacino, Daryl Hannah, and James Doohan","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})In Other News...Rose McGowan, Al Pacino, Daryl Hannah, and James Doohanby Jen Yamato | July 21, 2005 |  CommentsAh, Tinseltown romances. Rumor has it there’s a new hot couple in town, and they’re bound to give TomKat, Bennifer II and Brangelina a run for their publicity-generating money. Who, might you ask, is this new supercouple? He’s an Oscar-winning A-lister, she’s a raven-haired starlet, and they are — brace yourselves — Al Pacino and Rose McGowan. According to reports, Pacino, 65, best known for a host of legendary performances including roles in \"The Godfather Trilogy,\" \"Serpico,\" \"Scarface,\" \"Scent of a Woman,\" \"Carlito’s Way,\" and many, many other great films, won over the 31-year old \"Charmed\" beauty — despite her initial reluctance at their three-decade age difference. The never-married Pacino has been known to like his ladies young, and has been linked to both Elle MacPherson and Winona Ryder; McGowan, of course, enjoyed an engagement of her own to shock rocker Marilyn Manson.It looks like audiences will soon bid farewell to \"Kill Bill‘s\" second-most badass assassin lady, as Daryl Hannah — aka Elle Driver aka California Mountain Snake — has announced plans to retire following the release of her next film, \"Living Neon Dreams.\" The statuesque blonde, who first garnered attention as a sexy android in \"Blade Runner\" and had memorable turns in \"Splash,\" \"The Clan of the Cave Bear,\" and \"The Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman,\" plans to halt her Hollywood career and instead ‘save the planet and other living creatures.’ Hannah has already been leading a model eco-friendly lifestyle; she lives in a reclaimed 19th century barn, runs her home on solar power, and drives a car that runs on vegetable oil.And, finally, we bid a final farewell to one of science fiction’s dearest characters, as the USS Enterprise’s original Chief Engineer passed away Wednesday. James Doohan, who will be remembered for his portrayal of Montgomery \"Scotty\" Scott on the beloved \"Star Trek\" television series and subsequent motion pictures, was a native Canadian who lost part of a finger in World War II; he had recently battled Alzheimer’s disease and a bout of pneumonia. As per his wishes, Doohan will be cremated, and then, like \"Star Trek\" creator Gene Roddenberry before him, have his ashes launched into space — the Final Frontier.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"horror, cooking","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"in-other-newsrose-mcgowan-al-pacino-daryl-hannah-and-james-doohan"},{"id":"47509161702538","title":"Box Office Wrapup: Will Ferrell Scores His First #1 Opening with Talladega Nights","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Wrapup: Will Ferrell Scores His First #1 Opening with Talladega Nightsby Gitesh Pandya | August 7, 2006 |  CommentsComedy superstar Will Ferrell scored his first-ever number one opening in a lead role with the stronger-than-expected debut of his latest hit Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby which left all competitors in the dust at the North American box office.Solid opening weekend results came from the animated comedy Barnyard: The Original Party Animals in second place and the horror film The Descent in fifth, but the Robin Williams thriller The Night Listener failed to find much of an audience in its debut. Overall, the marketplace was healthy and showed substantial improvement over the first weekend of August from the last two summers.Sony crossed the finish line in first place for the industry-leading eighth time this year with the turbo-charged opening of Talladega Nights which grossed an estimated $47M over the Friday-to-Sunday period. Playing in a massive 3,803 theaters, the PG-13 film about a legendary NASCAR driver averaged a fantastic $12,359 per location. Will Ferrell has collected more than his share of second place trophies. The former Saturday Night Live star has opened at number two numerous times in recent years with films such as Kicking and Screaming, Bewitched, Anchorman, Elf, and Old School. Elf climbed into first place in its second weekend, and Ferrell has had supporting roles and cameos in number one openers from other stars. But Talladega Nights marks the first time he has anchored a top spot debut, and he did it decisively.Reviews were generally positive for the racing comedy, which co-starred John C. Reilly, Sacha Baron Cohen, and Michael Clarke Duncan, and the weekend gross was roughly three times the take of its closest competition. Sony backed the $73M film with a lavish marketing campaign which involved promotional support from numerous corporate sponsors. Even veteran talk show host Larry King turned his daily chat session on opening night into a one-hour commercial for the film by interviewing Ferrell and Reilly in character as Ricky Bobby and his racing pal Cal Naughton Jr.Talladega reached a broad audience with young males standing out slightly, as expected. Studio research indicated that 53% of the audience was male and that 52% was under 25. Aside from being Ferrell’s biggest opening weekend ever, the film also generated the third best bow ever in the month of August. Only 2001’s Rush Hour 2 and the following year’s Signs did better with debuts of $67.4M and $60.1M, respectively. Those two pics also launched on the first frame of the month which studios still look at as a good weekend for programming a high-profile summer film on. By this point, most of the season’s tentpole films have played out, but there is still enough summer playing time ahead to have long-term success.Finishing far back in second place, but still enjoying an impressive debut, was Paramount’s animated comedy Barnyard with an estimated $16M. The PG-rated toon bowed in 3,311 locations and averaged a solid $4,844 per theater. The opening was better than The Ant Bully‘s $8.4M from last weekend, but did not reach the $22.2M debut of Monster House from two weeks ago. Barnyard was produced by Nickelodeon Movies for just over $50M and played mostly to kids and parents. Audience research showed that 75% of the crowd was made up of families with males and females represented evenly. With two other cartoons in the top ten, and with Pirates still pulling in every age group, the opening performance of Barnyard was commendable.The year’s biggest blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest dropped 47% to an estimated $11M boosting its domestic treasure to a stunning $379.7M. That puts the Johnny Depp adventure sequel at number eight among all-time domestic blockbusters surpassing the $377M of The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Pirates also managed to bump Mel Gibson‘s The Passion of the Christ off the all-time top ten list. Overseas, Disney scored another colossal gross taking in $57M from 47 markets to rule the international box office for the fifth straight frame. That sent the offshore cume soaring to $392M and the worldwide haul to $771.7M making it the top-grossing global hit of 2006 after just one month of release. Pirates could certainly be on its way to the one billion dollar mark with another installment in the franchise on deck for a May 2007 release.Audiences rejected Miami Vice which tumbled a horrendous 62% in its second weekend to an estimated $9.7M. With $45.7M in ten days, the Universal action thriller is on course to end with $65-70M. That would give Vice a domestic gross of about half of its $135M production budget. Good news did, however, come from the U.K. where the cop pic debuted at number one this weekend.Opening in fifth place was the new horror entry The Descent with an estimated $8.8M from 2,095 locations. The R-rated fright flick about a six-pack of young ladies trapped in an underground cave full of flesh-eating creatures averaged a solid $4,200 per venue. Reviews were unusually positive for the genre and distributor Lionsgate pitched The Descent in its advertising as being from the studio that brought audiences Saw and Hostel. But the opening was far short of the $18.3M and $19.6M that those low-budget hits opened to. Still, with a modest pricetag of its own, the cave exploration flick looks to make a few bucks theatrically and dig up a bigger audience when released on DVD.Fox’s teen comedy John Tucker Must Die dropped 58% in its second weekend to an estimated $6.1M. With $28.6M in ten days, the revenge flick should find its way to the neighborhood of $40M. Sony’s animated scarefest Monster House followed close behind with an estimated $6M, off 49%, for a $57M cume. Competing toon The Ant Bully fell 54% in its sophomore session to an estimated $3.9M. Warner Bros. has collected just $18.2M in ten days and should conclude with an underwhelming $25-27M.A pair of films tied for ninth place with an estimated $3.6M each. Universal’s comedy You, Me and Dupree declined 49% and upped its sum to $66.8M. Miramax’s new Robin Williams thriller The Night Listener bowed in 1,367 locations and averaged a weak $2,634 per site.Opening with healthy but not spectacular results in platform release was the teen drama Quinceanera which grossed an estimated $97,000 from only eight sites for a $12,125 average. The R-rated tale of a Mexican-American girl’s impending coming-of-age party won both the Grand Jury Prize and Audience Award at this year’s Sundance Film Festival and was snapped up by Sony Classics. Quinceanera will expand beyond New York and Los Angeles in the weeks ahead.Three comedies and a bedtime story dropped out of the top ten over the weekend. Fox’s hit fashion industry pic The Devil Wears Prada held up well once again in its sixth frame with an estimated $3.1M, off 35%, lifitng the cume to a stellar $112.7M. It was the Meryl Streep film’s fourth consecutive weekend with a drop of less than 40%. Produced for just $35M, Devil should find its way to a fabulous $120-125M making it one of the more profitable hits of the summer.On the other hand, the Warner Bros. suspense thriller Lady in the Water has been falling by more than 60% each frame and took in an estimated $2.7M in its third scare. Down a steep 62%, the M. Night Shyamalan pic has grossed only $38.7M in 17 days and looks to drown with a mere $42-44M overall. The production budget was reportedly in the $75M range.Sony’s Little Man fell 51% to an estimated $2.5M in its fourth outing and pushed its cume to $55.1M. The Wayans brothers pic cost $64M to produce and should end its domestic run with a respectable $58-60M. Fox’s super hero comedy flop My Super Ex-Girlfriend stumbled 73% in its third flight and grossed an estimated $1.1M. With $20.2M in the bank, look for a disappointing $22M finish.In limited release, Fox Searchlight expanded its hit indie comedy Little Miss Sunshine from seven to 58 theaters in the top dozen markets and grossed an estimated $1.5M. That resulted in a muscular $25,169 average and a $2.2M total. The distributor will add 17 more cities on Friday and widen nationally the following weekend on the heels of strong word-of-mouth momentum.The top ten films grossed an estimated $115.7M which was up 18% from last year when The Dukes of Hazzard debuted at number one with $30.7M; and up 23% from 2004 when Collateral opened in the top spot with $24.7M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"vampires, cults, Chernobyl, Video, blockbuster, Disney, horror, series, comiccon, ghosts, dogs, sitcom, cancelled, camera","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Wrapup-Will-Ferrell-Scores-His-First-1-Opening-with-Talladega-Nights"},{"id":"47509116179166","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hart &amp; Cube Win 3rd Championship Ring","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hart &amp; Cube Win 3rd Championship Ringby Gitesh Pandya | February 2, 2014 |  CommentsMoviegoing took a backseat to football as the North American box office slumped to its worst performance in over four months with the hit comedy Ride Along ruling the chart for a third week in a row. The animated smash Frozen enjoyed an uptick in business, thanks in part to a new sing-along version, and rose to second place. The weekend’s new releases failed to generate much business and most holdovers averaged below $3,000 as the marketplace struggled to attract audiences.Sitting pretty at number one for a third time were Kevin Hart and Ice Cube with Ride Along which witnessed a moderate 42% drop to an estimated $12.3M. Universal has collected an impressive $93M after 17 days and the PG-13 film has now become the highest-grossing film of all-time for each actor in a lead role. Finishing in the neighborhood of $125M seems likely.In its tenth weekend of wide release, Disney’s runaway hit Frozen climbed up to number two grossing an estimated $9.3M, according to estimates. The snow sisters got some help from the studio launching a special sing-along version this weekend featuring the words to all the hit songs. Music has been a key driving force for the business with the soundtrack hitting number one for three weeks – the first for any movie soundtrack in over a decade. The gross was up 2% from last weekend despite the theater count staying mostly the same.Winning five Annie Awards this weekend including Best Animated Feature, Frozen upped its domestic haul to an eye-popping $360M putting it at number 26 on the list of all-time domestic blockbusters passing the $352.4M of 2011’s Transformers: Dark of the Moon. A domestic final of $390M+ seems possible with its long-lasting legs, although the release of The Lego Movie on Friday will surely steal away the attention of kids.The Oscar-nominated toon’s international run continued on its collision course with the one billion dollar mark. Overseas markets grossed $24M this weekend allowing the offshore haul to crack the $500M barrier. With $504.4M internationally and $864.4M worldwide so far, Frozen opens in China next weekend and then Japan on March 15.The newly-designed Focus opened the buddy comedy That Awkward Moment but was met with lousy results with an estimated $9M opening weekend. Averaging a soft $3,208 from 2,809 locations, the R-rated film starring Zac Efron connected with its target audience of young women, but didn’t draw a sizable number of them to the multiplexes. Harsh reviews hurt and there was little starpower in the cast outside of the former Disney star.Studio research showed that 64% of the audience was female and 61% were under 25. Typically, young females are the quadrant least interested in the Super Bowl so Hollywood routinely targets them over this particular weekend. But normally stronger results are achieved. Awkward’s CinemaScore grade was a lukewarm B. The low-budget film only cost $8M to produce with Focus (and its former FilmDistrict side) paying $1.5M to acquire, plus marketing costs.The animated comedy The Nut Job dropped to an estimated $7.6M, down 37%, and has given Open Road a solid $50.2M to date. Falling 44% to an estimated $7.2M was Mark Wahlberg’s war story Lone Survivor which has collected an impressive $104.9M for Universal. It became the first wide opener of 2014 to enter the century club and should have 30 or so more joining it by year’s end.Not living up to the standards set by its predecessors, Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit took in an estimated $5.4M, off 41%, for a weak $39M cume for Paramount. It will easily end as the lowest-grossing installment in the five-film series despite having the highest ticket prices.Failing to lure in mature women, the Kate Winslet-Josh Brolin drama Labor Day flopped in seventh with a puny $5.3M, according to estimates. Paramount’s poorly-reviewed new entry from writer/director Jason Reitman averaged a dull $2,051 from 2,584 theaters and generated no excitement with its target audience, or beyond. Those who did pay to see it were unsatisfied as it earned a lackluster B- CinemaScore grade. Adult dramas with Oscar buzz and terrific reviews provided tough competition.Academy Award hopeful American Hustle followed with an estimated $4.3M, off 39%, for a new cume of $133.6M for Sony. It is now the top-grossing film ever for director David O. Russell surpassing the $132.1M of last year’s Silver Linings Playbook. Martin Scorsese’s rival Best Picture contender The Wolf of Wall Street dropped 35% to an estimated $3.6M lifting the total for Paramount to $104.1M.Action-horror hybrid I, Frankenstein tumbled 59% in its second weekend, to no surprise, and grossed an estimated $3.5M. The Lionsgate release has taken in only $14.5M in ten days and is headed for a weak final of about $20M.The top ten films grossed an estimated $67.5M which was up 4% from last year when Warm Bodies opened at number one with $20.4M; but down 23% from 2012 when Chronicle debuted in the top spot with $22M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"2017, Valentine's, Awards, aapi, Photos","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Hart-and-Cube-Win-3rd-Championship-Ring"},{"id":"47509023447945","title":"Video: Keanu Reeves Has Plans for the Devil","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Keanu Reeves Has Plans for the Devilby RT Staff | February 8, 2017 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to Keanu Reeves, Common, and Ruby Rose from&nbsp;John Wick: Chapter 2&nbsp;about&nbsp;names for the dog in the movie, whether you should stab the devil in the back or the front (though Keanu&nbsp;has a&nbsp;much more specific approach), and what alternate jobs baristas might have going on the side.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"star, The, Apple, Winter, anthology, cancelled, Freeform, casting, adaptation, watch","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/19174736/JohnWick2Interview.jpg","slug":"video-keanu-reeves-has-plans-for-the-devil"},{"id":"47508764086801","title":"Critics Consensus: Nightcrawler is Certified Fresh","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Nightcrawler is Certified FreshPlus, Before I Go to Sleep is well-crafted but too slack; Saw gets a 10th anniversary rerelease; and we tell you what's Fresh on TV.by Tim Ryan | October 30, 2014 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a crime reporter (Nightcrawler, starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Rene Russo), a troubled amnesiac (Before I Go to Sleep, starring Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth), and a sadistic killer (the 10th anniversary rerelease of Saw, starring Cary Elwes and Danny Glover). What do the critics have to say?. What do the critics have to say?Nightcrawler 95%A creepy, tense thriller about a nocturnal obsessive or a satire of the 24-hour news cycle? Critics say Nightcrawler is a terrific blend of both, with a live-wire performance from Jake Gyllenhaal and an evocative, sinister sense of place. Gyllenhaal stars as Lou Bloom, a freelance TV journalist who sells lurid crime footage to a local station. But as his career progresses, and his scoops become ever more explosive, Bloom’s shaky ethics threaten to overwhelm him. The pundits say the Certified Fresh Nightcrawler is so taut, atmospheric, and well-acted, you might not even notice the leaps in narrative logic.Before I Go to Sleep 37%Before I Go to Sleep boasts an intriguing premise, a top-notch cast, and slick, sleek production values. So how could it miss? The answer, say critics, is that the film’s fine performances are in service to a plot that starts strong but strains credulity as it goes along. Nicole Kidman stars as a woman who wakes up every day with no memory of her past — the tragic result of an accident. But when she makes a shocking discovery, our heroine delves into the secrets of her past while trying to determine who she can trust. The pundits say Before I Go to Sleep often gets by on chilly atmosphere and the strength of Kidman’s performance, but it doesn’t quite achieve the chilly heights it’s aiming for.Saw 51%Ten years ago, before the term “torture porn” had even been invented, Saw hit theaters awash in Sundance buzz and comparisons to Se7en. The critics were split: some found it to be brutal and clever, while others simply found it depraved. Half a dozen sequels followed, but none could approach the original Saw in terms of novelty or (moderate) critical acclaim. If you’ve ever wanted to enter the twisted world of diabolical killer Jigsaw in a darkened roomful of screaming strangers, now’s your chance: Saw is hitting theaters to celebrate its 10th anniversary.What’s Fresh on TV:Critics are still mixed on Gotham‘s overall tone, but most found “The Spirit of the Goat” (67 percent) to be a step in the right direction, thanks in part to much-needed character details about Oswald Cobblepot and Detective Bullock.Creepy atmosphere, high-stakes action, and splendid special effects combine with a welcome touch of humor to overcome narrative flaws and present a version of Constantine (69 percent) that’s close to his comics counterpart.Also opening this week in limited release:Revenge of the Mekons, a rockumentary about the cultishly adored British indie band, is at 100 percent.Jean-Luc Godard‘s Goodbye to Language 3D, an atmospheric meditation on the nature of communication, is at 89 percent.The Great Invisible, a documentary about the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico, is at 84 percent.Point and Shoot, a documentary about a Baltimore man whose five-year tour of the Middle East included a stint in the Libyan Revolution, is at 71 percent.ABCs of Death 2, a 26-chapter anthology horror film that takes another crack at alphabetical terror, is at 68 percent.Private Peaceful, a period drama about two brothers whose loyalties are tested amidst the fog of World War I, is at 65 percent.Magical Universe, a documentary about an eccentric octogenarian outsider artist, is at 60 percent.Horns, starring Daniel Radcliffe and Juno Temple in a fantasy thriller about a man who’s been accused of a crime and finds horns with astonishing powers growing out of his head, is at 48 percent.Missionary, a thriller about a woman who tries to break off her extramarital affair with a missionionary when she reunites with her estranged husband, is at 38 percent.Hit By Lightning, starring Jon Cryer and Will Sasso in a comedy about a guy who meets the perfect woman only to discover she wants to kill her husband, is at 14 percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Tour, miniseries, Sneak, criterion, Month, child's, book, Musical, Originals, drama","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"critics-consensus-nightcrawler-is-certified-fresh"},{"id":"47613166373300","title":"RT on DVD: From Hannah Montana‘s Hoedown to Last House on the Left","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT on DVD: From Hannah Montana's Hoedown to Last House on the LeftPlus The Last Starfighter on Blu-ray and new seasons of Gossip Girl, Sons of Anarchy and more!by Jen Yamato | August 17, 2009 |  CommentsThis week, get your Miley Cyrus fix with Hannah Montana’s feature-length trip to the big screen (Hannah Montana The Movie), or do a complete 180-degree turn with the latest Hollywood horror remake (Last House on the Left). Director James Toback goes the documentary route with boxing’s Iron Mike (Tyson), while David Lynch’s daughter Jennifer continues the family legacy for eccentric thrills (Surveillance, starring Julia Ormond and Bill Pullman). Actress Lori Petty makes her directorial debut with a personal indie drama (The Poker House) while Tilda Swinton turns in a powerhouse performance as an alcoholic kidnapper (Julia). An ’80s sci-fi gaming classic makes its way to Blu-ray (The Last Starfighter) and we take a look at a trio of Toho reissues and new TV on DVD inside!Hannah Montana: The Movie—45%The power of Hannah Montana cannot be denied. After a solid critical reaction to her ‘tween-fueled Best of Both Worlds Concert movie, Disney star Miley Cyrus brought her onscreen alter ego into theaters again, this time in a feature-length film. Cyrus stars as Miley Stewart, a Tennessee teenager who moonlights as the uber-popular pop singer, Hannah Montana; when her increasing celebrity threatens to take over Miley’s ego, her country music singing dad (played by Cyrus’s real-life country music singing dad, Billy “Achy Breaky Heart” Ray — stay with us here) takes her back to the homestead to get back to her roots. Teen sitcom clichés and plenty of Disney pop tunes ensue, making this a guaranteed hit among the young Hannah Montana faithful — if not among older audiences and critics. A generous menu of special features include bloopers, deleted scenes, director commentary, and more, and even the stodgiest of detractors can’t resist the disc’s piece de resistance, which you can watch exclusively here on Rotten Tomatoes: a how-to lesson on doing the Hoedown Throwdown Dance (“Pop it, lock it, polka dot it…”)!Next: File under improbable –Ingmar Bergman gets the torture porn treatment?Last House on the Left—41%While nobody was really clamoring for a remake of Wes Craven‘s marginally-celebrated 1972 exploitation horror pic — the original Last House on the Left only earned 65 percent on the Tomatometer — Hollywood served up the revenge story yet again, making good use of the recent boom in torture porn sensibilities for which modern audiences seem to have an appetite. (Interestingly, many argue that Craven’s first LHOTL is far more gruesome.) Garret Dillahunt stars as the ringleader of a vicious band of criminals; Monica Potter and Tony Goldwyn are the parents of his victim who decide to turn the tables. Critics were in part repulsed by the remake’s brutality and lack of intelligence, resulting in a hard-to-watch attack-vengeance tale ultimately not worth the ordeal. For the same story done better, check out Ingmar Bergman‘s Oscar-winning 1960 film, The Virgin Spring (94%), the medieval rape-and-revenge pic that inspired the first Last House.Next: Carradine’s posthumous sea dog period comedy comes to DVDThe Golden Boys—29%A “horrid piece of filmed dinner theater” — (Scott Foundas, LA Weekly). An “arthritic romantic comedy” — (Ronnie Scheib, Variety). The raves keep comin’ for this misbegotten adaptation of a 1904 novel by Joseph Lincoln, which posits three grumpy old men — David Carradine, Bruce Dern, and Rip Torn — as a trio of septuagenarian sea captains looking for a house wife in Cape Cod, circa 1905. An abundance of turn of the century mariner slang and Mariel Hemingway‘s performance as the object of the Boys’ domestic desires might help keep things interesting, but you’ll likely wonder why this adaptation was made at all.Next: James Toback gets up close and personal with Iron Mike in TysonTyson—86%Director James Toback (Fingers, Bugsy) detours into documentary film with this well-received portrait of infamous boxer Mike Tyson. Iron Mike himself provides much of the film’s commentary in intimate interviews that reveal the complex psyche of the man who became the undisputed heavyweight champion at age 20, served time in jail for rape, had his own 8-bit video game, and mounted a career comeback before biting off part of his opponent’s ear in 1997 on live television. Premiere footage and a commentary by Toback highlight the special features.Next: Is director Jennifer Lynch (Surveillance) as twisted as her father?Surveillance—58%Julia Ormond and Bill Pullman star as Feds investigating a roadside killing in this Rashomon-esque thriller, directed by Jennifer Lynch. To preface, take a look at Lynch’s pedigree (her father is David) and her past work (she won a Razzie for her debut, Boxing Helena — a movie in which a woman has her limbs amputated by a lover). Critics say Surveillance is appropriately perverse, gory, and twisted, which you might find either good or bad, depending on taste; they also say a last-act twist threatens to undermine the whole affair. Decide for yourself which side of the Fresh/Rotten divide it belongs on.Next: Tilda Swinton’s tour de force turn in JuliaJulia—70%Tilda Swinton‘s performance as a struggling alcoholic takes center stage in Erick Zonca‘s Julia, a kidnapping thriller and character study that lets the usually-buttoned up Oscar winner let loose. Julia is addicted to partying and substance abuse, trapped in a downward spiral that leads her to accept a neighbor’s proposition to kidnap a young boy from his cushy home in Mexico, until a series of unfortunate events throw everything into chaos. Swinton fans should jump at the chance to watch the actress play out-of-control — a woman under the influence, as it were — in a film that has drawn comparisons to a Cassavetes flick on a rager.Next: See, something good did come of In the Army Now…The Poker House—N/AYears after meeting In Living Color‘s David Alan Grier (presumably when they both starred in the Pauly Shore vehicle In the Army Now), actress Lori Petty teamed up with her old friend to script this semi-autobiographical story based on her own childhood, which also marks Petty’s debut as a director. The familiar realm of indie dramas about abused and/or neglected kids toughing it out amidst unsavory adult types gets a jolt thanks to a trio of young actresses (Jennifer Lawrence, Sophia Bairley, and Chloe Grace Moretz) who, critics say, carry the picture with strength and nuance. Lawrence in particular shines as the 14-year-old protagonist Agnes, who is left to care for her younger siblings when their drug-addicted prostitute mother (Selma Blair) and dubious father figure (Bokeem Woodbine) fail them, and worse. Petty herself provides a commentary track.Next: The Last Starfighter lands on Blu-ray!The Last Starfighter—71%There are those who champion The Last Starfighter as an unassuming landmark of ’80s science fiction, significant even while overshadowed by bigger, flashier, more memorable flicks of its kind. We think you guys just love it because (along with TRON and our sentimental fave, The Wizard) it legitimized those hours of obsessive video gaming as essential training, inevitably to come in handy when called upon by a higher power. Director Nick Castle (who would go on to direct the live-action Dennis the Menace movie, Major Payne, and script August Rush) employed impressive-for-the-era special effects in the tale of a trailer park teenager named Alex (Lance Guest) whose hobby of playing the Starfighter arcade game pays off when an alien from the planet Rylos reveals that the game was a test, and that Alex is to be the next “starfighter” in an intergalactic war. Looking back on The Last Starfighter now, the ’80s stylings are charming (to put it kindly), but even though it doesn’t quite hold up 25 years later, it’s a fun blast from the past on Blu-ray. Tons of retrospective features, a filmmaker commentary, and image galleries make for a comprehensive collection of bonus features.Next: A Toho Studios trifecta!Icons of Sci-Fi: Toho Collection—N/AGojira fans, take note: the Japanese monster known stateside as Godzilla wasn’t the only camp-tastic science fiction hero to come out of the wacky world of Japanese cinema, circa 1960. Serving up three newly remastered genre classics from the makers (director Ishiro Honda and special effects pioneer Eiji Tsuburaya) and home (Toho Tokyo Studios) of such kaiju classics as Godzilla, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment is releasing The Icons of Sci-Fi: Toho Collection. In The H-Man (1958), radioactive bomb testing turns people into oozing, infectious slimy blobs; in Battle in Outer Space (1959), a sinister alien race use enhanced weapons and mind control to attack Earth. Finally, in Mothra (1962), the famous psychic, moth-like God and frequent Godzilla opponent is introduced, defending her island of worshippers from their capitalist kidnappers. While the collection is woefully short on bonus features, the films have been meticulously restored and offer multiple subtitle options.Next: Gossip Girl, Sons of Anarchy, Swayze’s Beast and more TV on DVDTV on DVD: Gossip Girl, Sons of Anarchy, Dexter, The Simpsons, The Beast, Greek—N/AIt’s a huge week for new TV on DVD releases, so we’ve collected them all here for your one-stop perusal. For starters, check out Season 1 of Patrick Swayze‘s recently cancelled show, The Beast, in which he plays an FBI agent of dubious methodology (A&amp;E cancelled the show after one season due to Swayze’s declining health). The 2000-2001 exploits of Homer, Marge, Lisa, Bart, and Maggie Simpson also hit DVD, though beyond a guest starring spot from boy band *NSYNC, we’re hard pressed to recall any of that season’s specifics (The Simpsons Season 12). Fresher in our minds is the explosive debut season of Kurt Sutter’s Sons of Anarchy (Season One), FX’s Hamlet-with-bikers starring Charlie Hunnam, Ron Perlman, and Sutter’s wife, Katey Sagal. We’d also recommend picking up Season 3 of Dexter, in which Dex battles a frenemy and contemplates marriage. For lighter fare, there’s Season 3 of the campus dramedy Greek, along with the most OMG-inducing show of all: Gossip Girl Season 2, which includes the flashback episode leading to the would-be spin-off, Valley Girls.Until next week, happy renting!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"color, Film, Hear, Christmas, docuseries, Christmas, RT, Chernobyl, game-of-thrones, renewed, Moore","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"RT-on-DVD-From-Hannah-Montanas-Hoedown-to-Last-House-on-the-Left"},{"id":"47508814559225","title":"Anya Taylor-Joy’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Anya Taylor-Joy's Five Favorite FilmsThe star of The Witch, Split, and Emma loves classic Hollywood, gothic fairy tales, and a quarantine-appropriate horror flick.by RT Staff | March 27, 2020 |  Comments(Photo by Michael Tran/Getty Images)Though casual filmgoers may not know her by name just yet, Anya Taylor-Joy has been quietly establishing herself as one of the most versatile young actors around, capable of jumping from small indie dramas to blockbuster Hollywood fare with ease. Horror fans will recognize her from her debut, 2016’s&nbsp;The Witch, and from M. Night Shyamalan’s&nbsp;Split and&nbsp;Glass, but in between those, she found time to star in a Barack Obama biopic (Barry), a pitch-black comedy (Thoroughbreds), and a sci-fi thriller (Morgan). In the coming year, we’ll also see her in Edgar Wright’s next film (Last Night in Soho) and the X-Men movie&nbsp;New Mutants. And rumor has it she’s in talk to star as a young Furiosa in George Miller’s long-promised&nbsp;Mad Max: Fury Road&nbsp;prequel.Currently, Taylor-Joy stars as the charismatic lead in&nbsp;Emma, Autumn de Wilde’s new adaptation of the classic Jane Austen novel about a high-society matchmaker who spends too much time on other people’s romances and not enough on her own. The film opened on February 21 but has been made available on VOD for audiences self-quarantining at home, and to celebrate its early access digital release, Anya Taylor-Joy gave us her Five Favorite Films.They may be less her absolute favorites than the movies she’s binging while in quarantine – her five favorite movies (and one of them actually a TV series) for the very moment. She noted on email to Rotten Tomatoes that she is “continuously amazed at the restorative powers of art. A good or personally treasured film or show offers as much respite to me now as it did when facing my comparatively insignificant worries as a child. May we continue to find hope, faith and solace in them, in the knowledge that the tenacity and fortitude of the human spirit (especially when working together) ensures that we endure.”The Shining (1980)  84%The first movie watched during shelter-in-place. Above all else, one must never lose their sense of humor.Big Fish (2003)  75%A film I hadn’t seen in forever! I’m a huge fan of Tim Burton and this story had always intrigued me as a kid… I’ve always loved a metaphor and this one has them in spades.Pan's Labyrinth (2006)  95%Gothic fairy tales are potentially my favorite genre of film, and Guillermo del Toro is a master. A classic.Gilmore Girls  85%My first time watching the series, though I remember my elder sister being obsessed with it. Honestly, it feels very calming and self-loving to listen to a mother and daughter duo discuss coffee and the intricacies of Billy Idol’s pout on his album cover. Simpler times.Funny Face (1957)  87%Movies from the ’40s/’50s. Funny Face. Top Hat. High Society. Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. Bringing Up Baby. Singin’ in the Rain. Sheer escapism.Emma.&nbsp;is available on VOD now.Thumbnail image:&nbsp;Warner Bros., Columbia courtesy Everett Collection, Picturehouse courtesy Everett Collection, Saeed Adyani/Netflix","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Guild, watch, laika, Pictures, LGBTQ, shows, screen, shows, casting, The, popular, Games, Masterpiece, Stephen","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/27130506/Anya_Taylor-Joy-FFF_Rep.jpg","slug":"anya-taylor-joys-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47612948103527","title":"RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Her and That Awkward Moment","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT on DVD &amp; Blu-Ray: Her and That Awkward MomentPlus I, Frankenstein, Orange is the New Black, and some noteworthy documentaries.by Ryan Fujitani | May 13, 2014 |  CommentsThis week, we’ve got one Oscar winner, a comedy misfire, a supernatural stinker, and an acclaimed Netflix original series to top the list. Then, we’ve also got a bunch of documentaries worth a look, and two war films, one of which is a new Criterion Collection release. Read on for details:Her 94%Spike Jonze’s debut film, 1999’s Being John Malkovich, earned him a Best Director nomination at the Academy Awards, but it was last year’s Her that finally netted him a trophy, specifically for Best Original Screenplay. In Jonze’s fourth film, Joaquin Phoenix plays Theodore Twombly, a lonely writer in the midst of a divorce who begins developing an intimate relationship with a computerized artificial intelligence (voiced by Scarlett Johansson). Despite its premise, which could have easily played out in campy fashion, Her was yet another critical success for Jonze, earning a Certified Fresh 94% on the Tomatometer. Critics felt the film was sweet, smart, and a surprisingly relevant commentary on the state of modern relationships, and it went on to receive five Oscar nominations in total, including Best Picture.I, Frankenstein 5%If nothing else, I, Frankenstein at least had two things going for it: Aaron Eckhart and Bill Nighy. Both actors have proven in previous films that they’re quite capable, after all. What I, Frankenstein didn’t have going for it, unfortunately, was pretty much everything else. Based on a graphic novel, the film picks up essentially where the original Mary Shelley novel ends, as Frankenstein’s monster (Eckhart) is recruited by a society of gargoyles to fight demons — led by an evil prince masquerading as a rich businessman (Nighy) — who secretly roam the Earth. Aaron Eckhart does his best Paul Bettany impression here, but if critics thought Legion and Priest were bad, it was only because they hadn’t yet laid eyes on Stuart Beattie’s dull, derivative, cacophonous mess of a film. It did have one or two pretty cool posters, though.That Awkward Moment 22%In light of Zac Efron’s recent triumph at the box office with Neighbors, let’s look back on a film from earlier this year that didn’t do so well. Here, Efron plays one of a trio of buddies — alongside Michael B. Jordan and Miles Teller — who all spend the duration of the film working through relationship problems. Mikey (Jordan) tries to resolve issues with his wife (Jessica Lucas), Daniel (Teller) begins dating his female wingman (Mackenzie Davis), and Jason (Efron) gets involved with a one night stand. Critics weren’t particularly kind to That Awkward Moment, whose cast they found charming but whose script they found predictable and flat. The film wants to upend traditional rom-com scenarios, but it just ends up falling into the same patterns.Orange is the New Black – Season OneWho could have guessed five years ago that Netflix would become a major player in television programming? They brought back Arrested Development (we know it wasn’t quite the same, but still), won Emmys with House of Cards, and are getting ready to drop five seasons of Marvel-related programming. With all that said, one of its acclaimed successes is the comedy Orange is the New Black, which premiered last year to a Certified Fresh 89% on the Tomatometer. Taylor Schilling stars as Piper Chapman, an NYC woman who’s sentenced to 15 months in jail for a drug-related crime she committed a decade before and ends up reuniting with the ex-girlfriend for whom she committed that crime. Season one of the series hits store shelves this month, for anyone who doesn’t have a Netflix subscription, and Schilling has already earned a Golden Globe nomination for her work here, so it might be worth checking out if you’re into some darker, character-driven comedy.Also available this week:God Loves Uganda (100%), a documentary detailing the involvement of American Evangelical Christians in anti-homosexual policy in Uganda.After tiller (94%), a Certified Fresh documentary about the few remaining doctors in the US willing to perform late-term abortions and their patients.Michel Gondry’s Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?: An Animated Conversation with Noam Chomsky (90%), which is exactly what it sounds like: an animated interpretation of a conversation between the director and Noam Chomsky.Generation Iron (80%), a documentary examining the competitors in contemporary professional bodybuilding.Stalingrad (48%), a WWII action film following a number of Russian soldiers holding fort against the Germans in a strategic building.Season four of Eastbound and Down (100%), HBO’s comedy starring Danny McBride, is available.And of course, a selection from the Criterion Collection: Stuart Cooper’s 1975 film Overlord (92%), which seamlessly utilizes newsreel footage to help tell the story of a British private from basic training to D-Day.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"mission:, sequels, 2017, thirty, park, who, Stephen, Now, YouTube, PaleyFest, competition, 21st","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-on-dvd-and-blu-ray-her-and-that-awkward-moment"},{"id":"47614505919543","title":"RT on DVD: It’s TV Time!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT on DVD: It's TV Time!New seasons of The Office, 30 Rock, Robot Chicken hit the shelves.by Jen Yamato | September 5, 2007 |  CommentsIt’s definitely a week for TV on DVD. With the exception of a few exceptional dramatic feature films (Stephanie Daley, The Wind That Shakes the Barley), today’s releases offer a wealth of stellar television shows new to home video — which means it’s time to make room on the shelf for the latest seasons of The Office, Robot Chicken, 30 Rock, Nip/Tuck, and our favorite sword-wielding Princess of Power!Stephanie DaleyTomatometer: 86%Standout performances lend this Sundance award winner emotional heft in a story about a 16-year-old girl (Amber Tamblyn) accused of killing her newborn child and the pregnant psychologist (Tilda Swinton) giving her a pre-trial assessment. Writer-director Hilary Brougher won screenwriting honors at Sundance for her script, and Tamblyn earned an Independent Spirit nomination for her delicate and piercing turn as the titular teenager.The Wind That Shakes The BarleyTomatometer: 88%Another film festival winner, Ken Loach‘s tale of brothers caught up in the Irish Civil War was a surprise pick that won the Palme d’Or award at Cannes. The fictionalized story was based on composite accounts of the turbulent, tragic events of 1920s Ireland; Cillian Murphy and Padraic Delaney star as the two brothers who become political enemies in the formation of the IRA. The DVD includes a featurette on director Loach’s work and a commentary track by Loach and University College Cork professor Donal O’Driscoll, who also served as historical advisor on the film.In The PitTomatometer: 70%If you’re in the mood for a documentary, check out this up close and personal look at the laborers behind Mexico City’s Periferico Beltway. Juan Carlos Rulfo won the Grand Jury Prize at Sundance for this often beautiful examination of a construction in progress and the colorful group of men who wax poetic on life as they work, though ironically they’ll never afford cars to drive over the bridge themselves.The Office Season 3Tomatometer: N/AYesss! Office fans rejoice, because Season 3 is now yours for the taking. Now, Season One was awesome, and Season Two ended with Casino Night, but Season Three had a number of its own memorable moments: the rise and fall of Jan, Phyllis’ wedding, and the most promising season finale yet for Jim &amp; Pam hopefuls. Add to that a bonus menu overflowing with deleted scenes, commentaries, and special features like an interview with guest director Joss Whedon, the entire Lazy Scranton music video, and Kevin Cooks Stuff in the Office, and this is a must-have for any Michael Scott enthusiast!30 Rock Season 1Tomatometer: N/ANBC’s backstage sitcom had viewers in stitches during its first season, and with good reason; created by and starring former Saturday Night Live writer Tina Fey, 30 Rock’s cast of comic talents include Judah Friedlander, Tracey Morgan, Jane Krakowski, and the inimitable Alec Baldwin as the eccentric people behind the scenes at the fictional SNL-like TGS sketch comedy show. Accordingly, the DVD set contains three discs of episodes, deleted scenes, a True Hollywood Story-style blooper reel, the in-character “An Evening with Kenneth” shorts, and more.Other Safe Bets This WeekThe Black DonnellysTomatometer: N/AIf you missed this short-lived NBC drama — about a foursome of Irish-American brothers in New York — then you’re in luck; the whole series is now available in its entirety on DVD.Robot Chicken Season 2 UncensoredTomatometer: N/ASeason Two of Adult Swim’s runaway stop-motion sketch show hit is on DVD today, filled with all 20 episodes, Season One’s “Beavis and Butt-head meet the Teen Titans,” and the Robot Chicken Christmas Special.Bosom Buddies Season 2Tomatometer: N/AIf you long for the days when Tom Hanks didn’t take himself too seriously (as I do), check out Season Two of the best 1980s transvestite buddy situation comedy that ABC ever aired.Nip/Tuck Season 4Tomatometer: N/AIf you already watch Nip/Tuck, then you know why Season Four is so memorable. If not, I’ll give you a hint: Rosie O’Donnell sex scene. Rent it.She-Ra: Princess of Power Season 2Tomatometer: N/ABecause just one season wasn’t enough to satisfy your retro ‘toon girl power needs, here is the second and final installment of the She-Ra saga! A must-have for, well, anyone who had to own She-Ra: Princess of Power Season One (or those lucky shoppers who nabbed the Jem and the Holograms DVD before it went out of print!), this six-disc volume boasts all 28 digitally remastered episodes, two commentary tracks, a character gallery, She-Ra trivia, trailers, two collectible cards, an episode guide, a filmmaker documentary, and a packed-to-the-gills DVD-ROM featuring 28 scripts, storyboards, and more!Don’t Say We Didn’t Warn You…I’m Reed FishTomatometer: 50%A sweet coming-of-age character study set in a rural town that’s also…a meta-film? At fifty percent on the Tomatometer, it proved divisive, but count us among the viewers who’d give it a shot. Besides, they had us at Jay Baruchel (Undeclared) and Alexis Bledel (Gilmore Girls).Wind ChillTomatometer: 43%Emily Blunt‘s star has risen since The Devil Wears Prada, but perhaps not that high — she stars here as one of two college kids on a ride-share gone. Despite some solid creds (the flick is produced by Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney) critics say Chill lacks bite — but at least it’s not another run-of-the-mill gore fest.Georgia RuleTomatometer: 19%Lindsey Lohan as an out-of-control teen? Compelling in real life, not so much in this muddled dramedy from feel-good king Garry Marshall.Delta FarceTomatometer: 3%If you thought there was no way that Larry the Cable Guy could score lower on the Tomatometer than Health Inspector‘s six percent, you were wrong.Until next week, happy renting!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Tomatazos, Box, song, Bros., 2017","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-on-dvd-its-tv-time"},{"id":"47508698127305","title":"Best Movies on Peacock To Watch Right Now (May 2021)","content":"(Photo by DreamWorks/courtesy Everett Collection. Thumbnail: Universal/courtesy Everett Collection)The Best&nbsp;Movies on Peacock (May 2021)Peacock spreads its feathers at the busy streaming platform pond: NBCUniversal has publicly launched its subscription service, the future and foreseeable home for the likes of The Office, Saturday Night Live, and the Fast &amp; Furious franchise, along with a film library pulled from the studio vault dating back to the silent era. Thus we’ve plucked the every Certified Fresh movie&nbsp;&nbsp;on the service. Presenting: The best movies on Peacock!Every movie on this list is Certified Fresh, meaning the film maintained a high Tomatometer score after crossing a minimum number of critics reviews. As films get added or leave the platform, we’ll update this guide, so check back often. And now, time to take flight (or at least get a robust running start) with Peacock and its best movies!#62The Blues Brothers (1980) 73%#62Adjusted Score: 81.227% Critics Consensus: Too over the top for its own good, but ultimately rescued by the cast's charm, director John Landis' grace, and several soul-stirring musical numbers.Synopsis: Expanding on their Saturday Night Live characters, John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd star as Jake and Elwood Blues, two white... [More]Starring: John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, James Brown (II), Cab CallowayDirected By: John Landis#61A Beautiful Mind (2001) 74%#61Adjusted Score: 81.178% Critics Consensus: The well-acted A Beautiful Mind is both a moving love story and a revealing look at mental illness.Synopsis: From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash, Jr. experiences it all. A mathematical genius,... [More]Starring: Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Christopher PlummerDirected By: Ron Howard#60Land of the Dead (2005) 74%#60Adjusted Score: 79.911% Critics Consensus: George A. Romero's latest entry in his much-vaunted Dead series is not as fresh as his genre-inventing original, Night of the Living Dead. But Land of the Dead does deliver on the gore and zombies-feasting-on-flesh action.Synopsis: It has been two decades since master filmmaker GEORGE A. ROMERO's zombies have stalked the screens of motion picture theaters.... [More]Starring: Simon Baker, Asia Argento, Dennis Hopper, John LeguizamoDirected By: George A. Romero#59Rampart (2012) 74%#59Adjusted Score: 79.234% Critics Consensus: Rampart sends viewers plummeting into a nihilistic hell of its protagonist's creation, yet Woody Harrelson's performance in the central role is too magnetic to dismiss.Synopsis: Los Angeles, 1999 - Officer Dave Brown (Harrelson) is a Vietnam vet and a Rampart Precinct cop, dedicated to doing... [More]Starring: Woody Harrelson, Sigourney Weaver, Robin Wright, Ned BeattyDirected By: Oren Moverman#58The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug (2013) 74%#58Adjusted Score: 83.797% Critics Consensus: While still slightly hamstrung by \"middle chapter\" narrative problems and its formidable length, The Desolation of Smaug represents a more confident, exciting second chapter for the Hobbit series.Synopsis: The second in a trilogy of films adapting the enduringly popular masterpiece The Hobbit, by J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit: The... [More]Starring: Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, Richard Armitage, Benedict CumberbatchDirected By: Peter Jackson#57A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints (2006) 75%#57Adjusted Score: 77.633% Critics Consensus: A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is a lively, powerful coming-of-age tale with winning performances and sharp direction from first-timer Dito Montiel.Synopsis: This is the story of a pivotal summer on the hot, sweaty, violent streets of Astoria, Queens--a summer that changed... [More]Starring: Robert Downey Jr., Rosario Dawson, Shia LaBeouf, Chazz PalminteriDirected By: Dito Montiel#56Lone Survivor (2014) 75%#56Adjusted Score: 83.978% Critics Consensus: A true account of military courage and survival, Lone Survivor wields enough visceral power to mitigate its heavy-handed jingoism.Synopsis: LONE SURVIVOR, starring Mark Wahlberg, tells the story of four Navy SEALs on an ill-fated covert mission to neutralize a... [More]Starring: Ben Foster, Mark Wahlberg, Emile Hirsch, Taylor KitschDirected By: Peter Berg#55People Places Things (2015) 77%#55Adjusted Score: 78.363% Critics Consensus: People Places Things finds writer-director Jim Strouse in peak form -- and makes the most of talented stars who help breathe fresh life into familiar narrative territory.Synopsis: Will Henry is a graphic novelist and a professor in NYC. At his adorable twin girls' fifth birthday party, Will's... [More]Starring: Jemaine Clement, Regina Hall, Stephanie Allynne, Celia AuDirected By: James C. Strouse#54Fair Game (2010) 79%#54Adjusted Score: 84.123% Critics Consensus: It struggles with the balance between fact-based biopic and taut political thriller, but Fair Game brims with righteous anger -- and benefits from superb performances by Naomi Watts and Sean Penn.Synopsis: As a covert officer in the CIA's Counter-Proliferation Division, Valerie leads an investigation into the existence of weapons of mass... [More]Starring: Naomi Watts, Sean Penn, Bruce McGill, Michael KellyDirected By: Doug Liman#53Casino (1995) 80%#53Adjusted Score: 83.995% Critics Consensus: Impressive ambition and bravura performances from an outstanding cast help Casino pay off in spite of a familiar narrative that may strike some viewers as a safe bet for director Martin Scorsese.Synopsis: The inner-workings of a corrupt Las Vegas casino are exposed in Martin Scorsese's story of crime and punishment. The film... [More]Starring: Robert De Niro, Sharon Stone, Joe Pesci, James WoodsDirected By: Martin Scorsese#52Despicable Me (2010) 81%#52Adjusted Score: 86.988% Critics Consensus: Borrowing heavily (and intelligently) from Pixar and Looney Tunes, Despicable Me is a surprisingly thoughtful, family-friendly treat with a few surprises of its own.Synopsis: A mysterious criminal mastermind has stolen one of the pyramids in Egypt, sparking a fit of jealous envy in evil... [More]Starring: Steve Carell, Jason Segel, Russell Brand, Julie AndrewsDirected By: Pierre Coffin, Chris Renaud#51Elizabeth (1998) 82%#51Adjusted Score: 84.977% Critics Consensus: No mere historical drama, Elizabeth is a rich, suspenseful journey into the heart of British Royal politics, and features a typically outstanding performance from Cate Blanchett.Synopsis: London, 1554. England is rife with intrigue. Elizabeth, born of royal lineage (the daughter of King Henry VIII and Anne... [More]Starring: Cate Blanchett, Joseph Fiennes, Geoffrey Rush, Richard AttenboroughDirected By: Shekhar Kapur#50Listen Up Philip (2014) 82%#50Adjusted Score: 86.846% Critics Consensus: As thought-provoking as it is uncompromising, Listen Up Philip finds writer-director Alex Ross Perry taking a creative step forward while hearkening back to classic neurotic comedies of '70s cinema.Synopsis: A complex, intimate, and highly idiosyncratic comedy, Listen Up Philip is a literary look at the triumph of reality over... [More]Starring: Jason Schwartzman, Elisabeth Moss, Jonathan Pryce, Krysten RitterDirected By: Alex Ross Perry#49Serenity (2005) 82%#49Adjusted Score: 88.22% Critics Consensus: Snappy dialogue and goofy characters make this Wild Wild West soap opera in space fun and adventurous.Synopsis: A band of renegades on the run in outer space get in more hot water than they anticipated in this... [More]Starring: Nathan Fillion, Gina Torres, Alan Tudyk, Morena BaccarinDirected By: Joss Whedon#48The Bourne Supremacy (2004) 82%#48Adjusted Score: 87.524% Critics Consensus: A well-made sequel that delivers the thrills.Synopsis: The second chapter in the \"Bourne Trilogy,\" based on Robert Ludlum's best-selling espionage novels, reaches the screen in this sequel... [More]Starring: Matt Damon, Franka Potente, Brian Cox, Julia StilesDirected By: Paul Greengrass#47Dead Ringers (1988) 83%#47Adjusted Score: 85.659% Critics Consensus: Dead Ringers serves up a double dose of Jeremy Irons in service of a devilishly unsettling concept and commandingly creepy work from director David Cronenberg.Synopsis: Based extremely loosely on a true story, Dead Ringers stars Jeremy Irons and Jeremy Irons. You read right--Irons essays the... [More]Starring: David A. Hughes, Jeremy Irons, Geneviève Bujold, Heidi von PalleskeDirected By: David Cronenberg#46Jerry Maguire (1996) 84%#46Adjusted Score: 88.718% Critics Consensus: Anchored by dazzling performances from Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding Jr., and Renée Zellweger, as well as Cameron Crowe's tender direction, Jerry Maguire meshes romance and sports with panache.Synopsis: Jerry Maguire is a man who knows the score. As a top agent at Sports Management International, Jerry is unquestionably... [More]Starring: Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding Jr., Renée Zellweger, Kelly PrestonDirected By: Cameron Crowe#45The Bourne Identity (2002) 83%#45Adjusted Score: 88.427% Critics Consensus: Expertly blending genre formula with bursts of unexpected wit, The Bourne Identity is an action thriller that delivers -- and then some.Synopsis: The best-selling suspense novel by late author Robert Ludlum comes to the screen for a second time, following a 1988... [More]Starring: Matt Damon, Franka Potente, Chris Cooper, Clive OwenDirected By: Doug Liman#44The Motorcycle Diaries (2004) 83%#44Adjusted Score: 87.199% Critics Consensus: The Motorcycle Diaries is heartfelt and profound in its rendering of the formative experiences that turn Ernesto \"Che\" Guerva into a famous revolutionary.Synopsis: In 1952, two young Argentines, Ernesto Guevara and Alberto Granado, set out on a road trip to discover the real... [More]Starring: Gael García Bernal, Rodrigo De la Serna, Mia Maestro, Mercedes MoránDirected By: Walter Salles#43I Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story (2015) 84%#43Adjusted Score: 86.165% Critics Consensus: Every bit as good-natured as longtime fans might hope, I Am Big Bird: The Carroll Spinney Story offers heartwarming behind-the-scenes perspective on a cultural icon.Synopsis: For 45 years, Caroll Spinney has been beloved by generations of children as the man behind Sesame Street's Big Bird... [More]Starring: Frank Oz, Jim Henson, Matt Vogel, Kevin ClashDirected By: Chad N. Walker, Dave LaMattina#42In Bruges (2008) 84%#42Adjusted Score: 91.541% Critics Consensus: Featuring witty dialogue and deft performances, In Bruges is an effective mix of dark comedy and crime thriller elements.Synopsis: Bruges (pronounced \"broozh\"), the most well-preserved medieval city in the whole of Belgium, is a welcoming destination for travelers from... [More]Starring: Colin Farrell, Brendan Gleeson, Ralph Fiennes, Clémence PoésyDirected By: Martin McDonagh#41King Kong (2005) 84%#41Adjusted Score: 93.309% Critics Consensus: Featuring state-of-the-art special effects, terrific performances, and a majestic sense of spectacle, Peter Jackson's remake of King Kong is a potent epic that's faithful to the spirit of the 1933 original.Synopsis: One of the greatest adventure stories in Hollywood history gets a new interpretation in this action drama from Academy Award-winning... [More]Starring: Naomi Watts, Jack Black, Adrien Brody, Thomas KretschmannDirected By: Peter Jackson#40The Constant Gardener (2005) 84%#40Adjusted Score: 90.491% Critics Consensus: The Constant Gardener is a smart, gripping, and suspenseful thriller with rich performances from the leads.Synopsis: When a British diplomat's wife -- a socially-conscious lawyer -- turns up dead in Kenya, he sets out to find... [More]Starring: Ralph Fiennes, Rachel Weisz, Hubert Kounde, Danny HustonDirected By: Fernando Meirelles#39Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983) 85%#39Adjusted Score: 87.457% Critics Consensus: Monty Python's the Meaning of Life is rude, ribald, and unafraid to take comedic risks -- which is to say it should more than satisfy fans of the titular troupe.Synopsis: The Meaning of Life is without a doubt the most tasteless of the Monty Python feature films; it also happens... [More]Starring: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric IdleDirected By: Terry Jones, Terry Gilliam#38The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover (1989) 85%#38Adjusted Score: 88.349% Critics Consensus: This romantic crime drama may not be to everyone's taste, but The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover is an audacious, powerful film.Synopsis: This is probably Peter Greenaway's most famous (or infamous) film, which first shocked audiences at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival... [More]Starring: Michael Gambon, Helen Mirren, Richard Bohringer, Alan HowardDirected By: Peter Greenaway#37Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans (2009) 86%#37Adjusted Score: 90.675% Critics Consensus: Befitting its unorthodox origins, this Bad Lieutenant benefits from Werner Herzog's typically fearless direction and a delightfully unhinged Nicolas Cage in the title role.Synopsis: Abel Ferrara's cult crime drama Bad Lieutenant is given a sister film with this Werner Herzog-helmed production that takes its... [More]Starring: Nicolas Cage, Eva Mendes, Val Kilmer, XzibitDirected By: Werner Herzog#36Big Fan (2009) 86%#36Adjusted Score: 88.243% Critics Consensus: Featuring Patton Oswalt's sympathetic portrayal, Big Fan humorously and effectively captures the dark and lonely world of a sports fanatic.Synopsis: Paul Aufiero, a 35-year-old parking garage attendant from Staten Island, is the self-described \"world's biggest New York Giants fan.\" He... [More]Starring: Patton Oswalt, Kevin Corrigan, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Michael RapaportDirected By: Robert D. Siegel#35Dave Made a Maze (2017) 86%#35Adjusted Score: 87.6% Critics Consensus: Dave Made a Maze offers decent storytelling but plunges deep into bold stylistic waters, establishing director Bill Watterson as a fresh and inventive filmmaker.Synopsis: Dave, an artist who has yet to complete anything significant in his career, builds a fort in his living room... [More]Starring: Nick Thune, Meera Rohit Kumbhani, Adam Busch, James UrbaniakDirected By: Bill Watterson#34Inside Man (2006) 86%#34Adjusted Score: 93.126% Critics Consensus: Spike Lee's energetic and clever bank-heist thriller is a smart genre film that is not only rewarding on its own terms, but manages to subvert its pulpy trappings with wit and skill.Synopsis: The volatile showdown between a determined cop and a perfectionist bank robber is sent spiraling toward disaster when a scheming... [More]Starring: Denzel Washington, Clive Owen, Jodie Foster, Christopher PlummerDirected By: Spike Lee#33My Friend Dahmer (2017) 86%#33Adjusted Score: 89.743% Critics Consensus: My Friend Dahmer opens a window into the making of a serial killer whose conclusions are as empathetic as they are deeply troubling.Synopsis: Jeffrey Dahmer murdered 17 men and boys in the Midwest United States between 1978 and 1991 before being captured and... [More]Starring: Ross Lynch, Anne Heche, Dallas Roberts, Vincent KartheiserDirected By: Marc Meyers#32They Live (1988) 85%#32Adjusted Score: 89.662% Critics Consensus: A politically subversive blend of horror and sci fi, They Live is an underrated genre film from John Carpenter.Synopsis: A homeless drifter discovers a reason for the ever-widening gap between the rich and the poor: a conspiracy by non-human... [More]Starring: Roddy Piper, Keith David, Meg Foster, Peter JasonDirected By: John Carpenter#31Margin Call (2011) 87%#31Adjusted Score: 92.162% Critics Consensus: Smart, tightly wound, and solidly acted, Margin Call turns the convoluted financial meltdown of '08 into gripping, thought-provoking drama.Synopsis: Set in the high-stakes world of the financial industry, Margin Call is an entangling thriller involving the key players at... [More]Starring: Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons, Zachary QuintoDirected By: J.C. Chandor#30Meet The Patels (2015) 87%#30Adjusted Score: 88.279% Critics Consensus: Meet the Patels works on multiple levels, offering an affably entertaining documentary about one man looking for love while posing thoughtful questions about cultural assimilation and modern romance.Synopsis: A laugh-out-loud real life romantic comedy about Ravi Patel, an almost-30-year-old Indian-American who enters a love triangle between the woman... [More]Starring: Ravi Patel, Champa V. Patel, Geeta Patel, Vasant K. PatelDirected By: Ravi Patel, Geeta Patel#29What Maisie Knew (2013) 87%#29Adjusted Score: 90.837% Critics Consensus: It's undeniably difficult to watch at times, but What Maisie Knew ultimately rises on the strength of its solidly sourced script, powerful performances, and empathetic direction.Synopsis: A contemporary reimagining of Henry James' novel, WHAT MAISIE KNEW tells the story of a captivating little girl's struggle for... [More]Starring: Julianne Moore, Alexander Skarsgård, Onata Aprile, Joanna VanderhamDirected By: David Siegel, Scott McGehee#28Bernie (2012) 88%#28Adjusted Score: 93.987% Critics Consensus: Richard Linklater's Bernie is a gently told and unexpectedly amusing true-crime comedy that benefits from an impressive performance by Jack Black.Synopsis: In the tiny, rural town of Carthage, TX, assistant funeral director Bernie Tiede was one of the town's most beloved... [More]Starring: Jack Black, Matthew McConaughey, Shirley MacLaine, Rick DialDirected By: Richard Linklater#273:10 to Yuma (2007) 89%#27Adjusted Score: 96.556% Critics Consensus: This remake of a classic Western improves on the original, thanks to fiery performances from Russell Crowe and Christian Bale as well as sharp direction from James Mangold.Synopsis: Russell Crowe plays a desperado whose accomplices stage an ambush after he is taken into custody by a determined local... [More]Starring: Russell Crowe, Christian Bale, Logan Lerman, Dallas RobertsDirected By: James Mangold#26Eastern Promises (2007) 89%#26Adjusted Score: 95.712% Critics Consensus: David Cronenberg triumphs again, showcasing the Viggo Mortensen's onscreen prowess in a daring performance. Bearing the trademarks of psychological drama and gritty violence, Eastern Promises is a very compelling crime story.Synopsis: Russian-born Nikolai Luzhin is a driver for one of London's most notorious organized crime families of Eastern European origin. The... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Naomi Watts, Vincent Cassel, Armin Mueller-StahlDirected By: David Cronenberg#25Bridesmaids (2011) 90%#25Adjusted Score: 99.462% Critics Consensus: A marriage of genuine characters, gross out gags, and pathos, Bridesmaids is a female-driven comedy that refuses to be boxed in as Kristen Wiig emerges as a real star.Synopsis: This spring, Universal Pictures and producer Judd Apatow (Knocked Up, The 40-Year-Old Virgin) invite you to experience Bridesmaids. Kristen Wiig... [More]Starring: Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Rose Byrne, Wendi McLendon-CoveyDirected By: Paul Feig#24October Sky (1999) 91%#24Adjusted Score: 93.789% Critics Consensus: Rich in sweet sincerity, intelligence, and good old-fashioned inspirational drama, October Sky is a coming-of-age story with a heart to match its Hollywood craftsmanship.Synopsis: In Coalwood, West Virginia, all the boys grow up to be coal miners and Homer Hickam has no reason to... [More]Starring: Jake Gyllenhaal, Chris Cooper, Laura Dern, Chris OwenDirected By: Joe Johnston#23Parenthood (1989) 91%#23Adjusted Score: 95.255% Critics Consensus: Bolstered by a delightful cast, Parenthood is a funny and thoughtfully crafted look at the best and worst moments of family life that resonates broadly.Synopsis: This feel-good ensemble comedy tracks a quartet of suburban siblings and their families over the course of a single summer.... [More]Starring: Steve Martin, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest, Jason RobardsDirected By: Ron Howard#22Transsiberian (2008) 91%#22Adjusted Score: 94.313% Critics Consensus: Traditional in form yet effective in execution, this taut thriller updates the \"danger on a train\" scenario with atmospheric sense.Synopsis: Set on the legendary express train as it travels from China to Moscow, follows an American couple who board the... [More]Starring: Woody Harrelson, Emily Mortimer, Ben Kingsley, Kate MaraDirected By: Brad Anderson#21Children of Men (2006) 92%#21Adjusted Score: 100.923% Critics Consensus: Children of Men works on every level: as a violent chase thriller, a fantastical cautionary tale, and a sophisticated human drama about societies struggling to live.Synopsis: A futuristic society faces extinction when the human race loses the ability to reproduce. England has descended into chaos, until... [More]Starring: Clive Owen, Julianne Moore, Michael Caine, Chiwetel EjioforDirected By: Alfonso Cuarón#20Dazed and Confused (1993) 92%#20Adjusted Score: 96.593% Critics Consensus: Featuring an excellent ensemble cast, a precise feel for the 1970s, and a killer soundtrack, Dazed and Confused is a funny, affectionate, and clear-eyed look at high school life.Synopsis: Like George Lucas' American Graffiti, Richard Linklater's Dazed and Confused is an affectionate look at the youth culture of a... [More]Starring: Jason London, Rory Cochrane, Sasha Jenson, Wiley WigginsDirected By: Richard Linklater#19The Deer Hunter (1978) 92%#19Adjusted Score: 100.312% Critics Consensus: Its greatness is blunted by its length and one-sided point of view, but the film's weaknesses are overpowered by Michael Cimino's sympathetic direction and a series of heartbreaking performances from Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, and Christopher Walken.Synopsis: The Deer Hunter moves from the steel mills outside of Pittsburgh to the mountains of Pennsylvania to the jungles of... [More]Starring: Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, John Cazale, John SavageDirected By: Michael Cimino#18Drag Me to Hell (2009) 92%#18Adjusted Score: 100.913% Critics Consensus: Sam Raimi returns to top form with Drag Me to Hell, a frightening, hilarious, delightfully campy thrill ride.Synopsis: Evil Dead director Sam Raimi takes the helm for this \"spook-a-blast\" shocker about an ambitious L.A. loan officer who incurs... [More]Starring: Alison Lohman, Justin Long, David Paymer, Reggie LeeDirected By: Sam Raimi#17Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) 92%#17Adjusted Score: 99.279% Critics Consensus: Propelled by Charlie Kaufman's smart, imaginative script and Michel Gondry's equally daring directorial touch, Eternal Sunshine is a twisty yet heartfelt look at relationships and heartache.Synopsis: The second feature from director Michel Gondry (Human Nature) finds the filmmaker reteaming with screenwriter Charlie Kaufman for this off-the-wall... [More]Starring: Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Kirsten Dunst, Mark RuffaloDirected By: Michel Gondry#16The Kids Are All Right (2010) 92%#16Adjusted Score: 98.818% Critics Consensus: Worthwhile as both a well-acted ensemble piece and as a smart, warm statement on family values, The Kids Are All Right is remarkable.Synopsis: Two teenaged children get the notion to seek out their biological father and introduce him into the family life that... [More]Starring: Julianne Moore, Annette Bening, Mark Ruffalo, Mia WasikowskaDirected By: Lisa Cholodenko#15The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) 92%#15Adjusted Score: 101.32% Critics Consensus: The Bourne Ultimatum is an intelligent, finely tuned non-stop thrill ride. Another strong performance from Matt Damon and sharp camerawork from Paul Greengrass make this the finest installment of the Bourne trilogy.Synopsis: Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) races to solve the mystery of his past while being hunted by members of the very... [More]Starring: Matt Damon, Julia Stiles, David Strathairn, Scott GlennDirected By: Paul Greengrass#14Traffic (2000) 92%#14Adjusted Score: 97.775% Critics Consensus: Soderbergh successfully pulls off the highly ambitious Traffic, a movie with three different stories and a very large cast. The issues of ethics are gray rather than black-and-white, with no clear-cut good guys. Terrific acting all around.Synopsis: A patchwork of stories that evokes the high-stakes, high-risk world of the drug trade, as seen through a series of... [More]Starring: Michael Douglas, Benicio Del Toro, Don Cheadle, Catherine Zeta-JonesDirected By: Steven Soderbergh#13Frost/Nixon (2008) 93%#13Adjusted Score: 103.061% Critics Consensus: Frost/Nixon is weighty and eloquent; a cross between a boxing match and a ballet with Oscar worthy performances.Synopsis: Hollywood heavyweight Ron Howard adapts playwright Peter Morgan's West End hit for the silver screen with this feature focusing on... [More]Starring: Frank Langella, Michael Sheen, Kevin Bacon, Rebecca HallDirected By: Ron Howard#12National Lampoon's Vacation (1983) 93%#12Adjusted Score: 96.473% Critics Consensus: Blessed by a brilliantly befuddled star turn from Chevy Chase, National Lampoon's Vacation is one of the more consistent -- and thoroughly quotable -- screwball comedies of the 1980s.Synopsis: The first film in the Vacation comedy franchise stars Chevy Chase as Clark Griswold, an ad exec who becomes consumed... [More]Starring: Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Imogene Coca, Randy QuaidDirected By: Harold Ramis#11Away From Her (2007) 94%#11Adjusted Score: 98.563% Critics Consensus: An accomplished directorial debut by Sarah Polley, Away From Her is a touching exploration of the effects of Alzheimer's, in which the tender wisdom of Polley's script is beautifully complemented by a wonderful performance from Julie Christie.Synopsis: Married for almost 50 years, Grant and Fiona's commitment to each other appears unwavering, and their everyday life is full... [More]Starring: Julie Christie, Gordon Pinsent, Olympia Dukakis, Michael MurphyDirected By: Sarah Polley#10Being John Malkovich (1999) 94%#10Adjusted Score: 99.912% Critics Consensus: Smart, funny, and highly original, Being John Malkovich supports its wild premise with skillful direction and a stellar ensemble cast.Synopsis: Would you pay money to journey into the mind of the star of Con Air, The Killing Fields, and In... [More]Starring: John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, Catherine Keener, John MalkovichDirected By: Spike Jonze#9Good Hair (2009) 95%#9Adjusted Score: 97.095% Critics Consensus: Funny, informative, and occasionally sad, Good Hair is a provocative look at the complex relationship between African Americans and their hair.Synopsis: \"Good Hair\" is an insightful and entertaining, yet remarkably serious, documentary about African-American hair culture. An exposé of comic proportions... [More]Starring: Chris RockDirected By: Jeff Stilson#8Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht (Nosferatu the Vampyre) (1979) 95%#8Adjusted Score: 99.952% Critics Consensus: Stunning visuals from Werner Herzog and an intense portrayal of the famed bloodsucker from Klaus Kinski make this remake of Nosferatu a horror classic in its own right.Synopsis: For Werner Herzog's 1979 remake of F.W. Murnau's classic 1922 silent horror-fest Nosferatu, star Klaus Kinski adopts the same makeup... [More]Starring: Klaus Kinski, Isabelle Adjani, Bruno Ganz, Roland ToporDirected By: Werner Herzog#7Catch Me If You Can (2002) 96%#7Adjusted Score: 101.795% Critics Consensus: With help from a strong performance by Leonardo DiCaprio as real-life wunderkind con artist Frank Abagnale, Steven Spielberg crafts a film that's stylish, breezily entertaining, and surprisingly sweet.Synopsis: Based on a true story, Frank W. Abagnale was employed as a doctor, a lawyer, and as a co-pilot for... [More]Starring: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks, Christopher Walken, Martin SheenDirected By: Steven Spielberg#6Chicken Run (2000) 97%#6Adjusted Score: 103.149% Critics Consensus: Chicken Run has all the charm of Nick Park's Wallace &amp; Gromit, and something for everybody. The voice acting is fabulous, the slapstick is brilliant, and the action sequences are spectacular.Synopsis: A comedy drama set on a Yorkshire chicken farm in 1950s England, the story follows the turbulent romance between Rocky... [More]Starring: Mel Gibson, Lynn Ferguson, Jo Allen, Lisa KayDirected By: Peter Lord, Nick Park#5Spellbound (2002) 97%#5Adjusted Score: 100.653% Critics Consensus: A suspenseful, gripping documentary that features an engaging cross section of American children.Synopsis: Eight kids of wildly disparate ethnic, class, and regional backgrounds are followed from their individual hometowns to Washington D.C. for... [More]Starring: Harry Altman, Angela Arenivar, Ted Brigham, April DeGideoDirected By: Jeffrey Blitz#4Murderball (2005) 98%#4Adjusted Score: 102.444% Critics Consensus: An entertaining and gripping documentary that shows being confined to a wheelchair doesn't mean the fun has to end.Synopsis: Like any other great sports story, 'Murderball' features fierce rivalry, stopwatch suspense, dazzling athletic prowess, larger-than-life personalities and triumph over... [More]Starring: Joe Soares, Mark Zupan, Robert Soares, Bob LujanoDirected By: Henry-Alex Rubin, Dana Adam Shapiro#3Nas: Time Is Illmatic (2014) 98%#3Adjusted Score: 98.802% Critics Consensus: Comprehensive yet brisk, Nas: Time Is Illmatic offers an absorbing look at a hip-hop classic and the life of the artist who made it.Synopsis: Synopsis: Twenty years after the release of Nas's groundbreaking debut album 'Illmatic,' NAS: TIME IS ILLMATIC takes us into the... [More]Starring: Nas, Jabari Jones, Olu Dara, Fab 5 FreddyDirected By: One9#2Starred Up (2014) 99%#2Adjusted Score: 103.055% Critics Consensus: Smart, hard-hitting, and queasily realistic, Starred Up is an instant classic of U.K. prison cinema.Synopsis: 19-year-old Eric (Jack O'Connell, star of the upcoming UNBROKEN), arrogant and ultra-violent, is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison... [More]Starring: Jack O'Connell, Ben Mendelsohn, Rupert Friend, Sam SpruellDirected By: David Mackenzie#1Taxi to the Dark Side (2007) 100%#1Adjusted Score: 102.568% Critics Consensus: Taxi to the Dark Side is an intelligent, powerful look into the dark corners of the War on Terror.Synopsis: A stunning inquiry into the suspicious death of an Afghani taxi driver at Bagram air base in 2002, the film... [More]Starring: Moazzam Begg, Willie Brand, Jack Cloonan, Damien CorsettiDirected By: Alex Gibney","section":"Countdown","tags":"movies, One, canceled, Spike, 4/20, 93rd, of, Disney","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/08142002/600BigLebowski.jpg","slug":"best-movies-on-peacock"},{"id":"47508916255699","title":"Parental Guidance: The Book of Life, X-Men: Days of Future Past and more","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Parental Guidance: The Book of Life, X-Men: Days of Future Past and moreWe give you what you need to know about the family-friendliness of this week's new releases.by Christy Lemire | October 17, 2014 |  CommentsIn Theaters This Week:The Book of Life 83%Rating: PG, for mild action, rude humor, some thematic elements and brief scary images.Based on Mexican folklore, this is a vibrant, richly colorful animated adventure that takes place across magical realms, including the underworld. The Land of the Remembered is populated with Day of the Dead-type skeleton figures, which might seem vaguely scary for the smallest children. There are also some slightly violent bullfighting and battle sequences. And the plot concerns a longtime love triangle between childhood friends Manolo (Diego Luna), Joaquin (Channing Tatum) and Maria (Zoe Saldana). There are a few minor insults thrown around and some chaste kissing. But for the most part, this is pretty wholesome and harmless.New On DVD:X-Men: Days of Future Past 90%Rating: PG-13, for sequences of intense sci-fi violence and action, some suggestive material, nudity and language.An extremely violence and intense PG-13 film, but also a beautiful, smart and thrillingly made one. Major X-Men characters and their younger selves must work together in director Bryan Singer’s time-travel drama. One of the first images you see is of corpses being dumped from the back of a truck into the darkness of a terrifying, post-apocalyptic wasteland. Massive set pieces lead to major destruction. Giant, flying robots known as Sentinels have been built to take out the mutants by shape shifting to adapt to their gifts. Magneto alone racks up serious damage and casualties with just the mere wave of his hand. This is probably suitable only for mature tweens and older.Mr. Peabody &amp; Sherman 81%Rating: PG, for some mild action and brief rude humor.This animated, time-travel adventure (which was projected in 3-D theatrically) is totally suitable for kids of all ages. It’s based on the cartoon series that played during all those great, old Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle episodes. This time, Mr. Peabody (voiced by Ty Burrell), the world’s smartest dog, and his genius boy, Sherman (Max Charles), skip about through history. It’s lively, clever, smart and often quite funny, despite (or perhaps because of) Mr. Peabody’s trademark, terrible puns. Many of the historical and pop-culture references will go over kids’ heads, but the grown-ups watching will be amused. There’s nothing even remotely inappropriate here, and as for gross-out humor, there is exactly one fart joke — but the set-up for it actually makes it work. Stephen Colbert, Leslie Mann, Ariel Winter, Stanley Tucci and Patrick Warburton are among the strong voice cast.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"Annual, 21st, target, 4/20, Guild, adaptation, emmy","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"parental-guidance-the-book-of-life-x-men-days-of-future-past-and-more"},{"id":"47509176282375","title":"George Miller Teases Three Mad Max Movies, And More News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})George Miller Teases Three Mad Max Movies, And More NewsA Halloween trilogy is confirmed, Rick Grimes goes to the movies, and new roles for Jennifers Lawrence and Lopez, Javier Bardem, and Benedict Cumberbatch.by Greg Dean Schmitz | July 26, 2019 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup brings you another 10 headlines from the world of film development news (the stories about what movies Hollywood is working on for you next), covering new roles for Benedict Cumberbatch, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lopez, and the reunion of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.This WEEK’S TOP STORYTHREE MAD MAX: FURY ROAD SEQUELS MIGHT GEAR UP SOON(Photo by Jasin Boland/©Warner Bros.)It has now been over four years since 2015’s Mad Max: Fury Road (Certified Fresh at 97%) was released to&nbsp;widespread critical acclaim,&nbsp;going&nbsp;on to receive 10 Academy Award nominations and six wins (for Costume Design, Editing, Makeup and Hairstyling, Production Design, Sound Editing, and Sound Mixing). Even so, the idea of director George Miller ever returning for a follow-up seemed like it might have hit a permanent roadblock last year because of a lawsuit with Warner Bros. This week, however, Miller seemed to offer hope to his fans as he said about his sequels, “It seems to be pretty clear that it’s going to happen,” saying that the recent Warner Bros. merger with AT&amp;T helped solve the legal issues. Miller also revealed that his sequel plans for Mad Max: Fury Road actually include three films, including two for Mad Max, and another for Charlize Theron’s Furiosa character. While we’re waiting for further news about George Miller’s next Mad Max&nbsp;movie, he’s currently filming the fantasy romance&nbsp;Three Thousand Years of Longing, starring Idris Elba and Tilda Swinton.1. BATTLE OF THE PLANETS TO BE WAGED BY AVENGERS: ENDGAME RUSSO BROTHERS(Photo by Michael Germana/Everett Collection)After an exciting run on the fan-favorite NBC sitcom Community,&nbsp;Joe and Anthony&nbsp;Russo joined Marvel to direct&nbsp;Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Captain America: Civil War, Avengers: Infinity War, and Avengers: Endgame, all four of which were Certified Fresh at 85% or higher.&nbsp;The Russos are not attached to direct any future Marvel films&nbsp; — they did talk this week about an interest in returning for Secret Wars, based on the iconic 1980s mini-series event&nbsp;— but at their San Diego Comic-Con panel, they revealed that they are actively developing two other movie adaptations: the 1970s anime TV series Battle of the Planets&nbsp;and the 1980s independent space opera comic book Grimjack. The Russos are producing both projects, but could also possibly direct them as well.2. HALLOWEEN KILLS IN 2020, AND HALLOWEEN ENDS IN 2021Ryan FujitaniFollowing the $159 million domestic box office of last year’s soft reboot of Halloween (Certified Fresh at 79%), Universal Pictures and Blumhouse Productions quickly confirmed plans for at least one more Halloween sequel. More recently, it was confirmed first that Jamie Lee Curtis will be returning, and that actually it would be two sequels that will be filming back-to-back. This week, Universal and Blumhouse made it official by announcing that the sequels will be titled Halloween Kills (10/16/2020) and Halloween Ends (10/15/2021). Both sequels will have the same director, David Gordon Green, who co-wrote them with actor Danny McBride, who also co-wrote last year’s Halloween with Green.3. BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON TO&nbsp;REUNITE FOR RIDLEY SCOTT’S THE LAST DUEL(Photo by Sara Cozolino/Everett Collection)Before he directed films like Alien, Blade Runner, and Gladiator, Ridley Scott made his directorial debut in 1977 with The Duellists, about French officers during the Napoleonic Wars engaged in a series of duels in the early 1800s. Things came full circle this week with the news that Scott is now attached to direct The Last Duel, which is set in 14th century France (the distinction here is that The Last Duel concerns a medieval trial-by-combat between knights).&nbsp;The Last Duel will also be a reunion project for Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, who will co-star and co-write (along with Nicole Holofcener). This week, Damon also signed on to star in an independent drama&nbsp;called Stillwater, which will also be set in France.4. WALKING DEAD SPINOFF MOVIE GETS THEATRICAL RELEASE(Photo by AMC)When Andrew Lincoln’s Rick Grimes got on a helicopter last year and flew away from The Walking Dead, it was quickly announced that AMC had plans for a series of spinoff movies about the continuing adventures of Rick Grimes. At San Diego Comic-Con this past weekend, the first teaser trailer for a Walking Dead movie debuted, but the biggest surprise had nothing to do with new plot twists. Instead, the surprise was that Universal Pictures has picked up the Walking Dead movie for theatrical distribution (i.e. not just as an AMC movie). The plan is still for three movies starring Andrew Lincoln, with Lincoln expected to spend two months on each movie. Andrew Lincoln also signed on&nbsp;this week to join Naomi Watts in Penguin Bloom, playing Watts’ husband as their family befriends an injured Australian magpie chick (bird).5. JAVIER BARDEM EXPECTED TO PLAY KING TRITON IN THE LITTLE MERMAID(Photo by ©Warner Bros.)Following the casting earlier this month of Halle Bailey as Ariel in Disney’s live action remake of The Little Mermaid, fans quickly began speculating about who might play her father, King Triton. Most fans picked black actors, with Idris Elba being a popular choice, but some also chose Terry Crews. As it turns out, Disney instead went with Academy Award-winning Spanish actor Javier Bardem (No Country for Old Men,&nbsp;Skyfall, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tales). In the original animated movie, King Triton does not have his own song (he does have one in the stage musical called “The World Above“), so it’s probably likely that Bardem won’t be singing in the live-action version either.6.&nbsp;BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH TO PORTRAY BRITISH ARTIST LOUIS WAIN(Photo by Jack English/© Weinstein Co.)The Cassius Marcellus Coolidge painting series Dogs Playing Poker is something of an iconic example of American kitsch. Around the same time in England, however, the artist Louis Wain had a similar series of paintings of cats that frequently had Big Eyes (a la Keane), exaggerated toothy smiles, or early examples of psychedelic art. It’s crazy stuff, and now Benedict Cumberbatch (whose Doctor Strange also dabbled in psychedelia) is signed to star in the biopic Louis Wain for Amazon Studios. Cumberbatch’s co-stars will include Claire Foy, Toby Jones, and Andrea Riseborough.7.&nbsp;HOPEFULLY JENNIFER LAWRENCE WON’T GET STITCHES AS THE MOB GIRL(Photo by 20th Century Fox)Now that Dark Phoenix (Rotten at 23%) is done and over with, Jennifer Lawrence‘s time in the X-Men franchise is officially done, leaving her with no ongoing franchise (since The Hunger Games ended in 2015, and last year’s Red Sparrow was a non-starter). It may well be that Lawrence will soon find another, but for now, she appears to be aiming for “smaller” movies. With that in mind, Jennifer Lawrence is now attached to star in Mob Girl, based on Teresa Carpenter’s novel which was itself based on the true story of 1970s and 1980s mob informant Arlyne Weiss-Brickman. Mob Girl will reportedly depict how Weiss-Brickman grew up around “wise guys,” including running errands for them, but decided to cooperate with the FBI after a loan shark threatened to harm her teenage daughter. (Jennifer Lawrence is only 28 years old, so her daughter may be younger in this movie version.)8. CHRIS ROCK’S SAW SPINOFF BUMPED UP FIVE MONTHS TO BE A BIG SUMMER RELEASE(Photo by Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images)One factor (besides, you know, all the torture) that has united all movies in the Saw franchise to date has been the release date, which has always been between October 23rd (Saw VI) and October 29th (Saw and Saw 3D). So, when Chris Rock announced that he was producing and starring in a Saw spinoff (sometimes called The Organ Donor online), the presumed release date was in October of 2020. Perhaps tying into the film’s premise as a Saw spinoff and not a Saw movie exactly, Lionsgate this week bumped up Chris Rock’s film to a release date of May 15, 2020 (against the Scooby-Doo reboot&nbsp;Scoob). Rock will star in the film&nbsp;as a police detective investigating a series of gruesome crimes, with Samuel L. Jackson also on board to play Rock’s character’s father.9. JENNIFER LOPEZ MAY DIRECT (HERSELF IN) THE GODMOTHER&nbsp;(Photo by Peter Iovino/©CBS Films)The ensemble “stripper crime comedy” Hustlers (9/13/2019) is now less than two months away, but one of its stars, Jennifer Lopez, is already preparing for new films in 2020 and beyond. Following flops like UglyDolls, Poms, and Best of Enemies, STX Entertainment is reportedly looking for big stars for their next moves, and one of them is going to be Jennifer Lopez. “Jenny from the Block” is now producing and will star in a drug lord drama called The Godmother for STXfilms. Lopez may also make her directorial debut with the film, in which she plays real life Colombian drug lord Griselda Blanco, who was (real life spoiler warning) shot and killed in 2012 at the age of 69 (Jennifer Lopez is only 50). Lopez’s next film after&nbsp;Hustlers will be the romantic comedy Marry Me, costarring Owen Wilson. This week, the Marry Me cast expanded as Lopez and Wilson will now be joined by Sarah Silverman and British actor John Bradley, who has a lot more time on his hands now that his run as Samwell Tarly on HBO’s Game of Thrones is done.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Extras, Comic-Con, Animation, Podcast, Sneak, Kimmy, medical, Unbreakable","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/26153240/Mad_Max_Spinoffs_Ketchup_Rep.jpg","slug":"george-miller-teases-three-mad-max-movies-and-more-news"},{"id":"47614365557747","title":"Game of Thrones’ Production is Delayed and Other TV News","content":"TV Talkvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Game of Thrones' Production is Delayed and Other TV Newsby RT Staff | July 7, 2016 |  CommentsThis week in TV news, CW and Netflix make a deal, Warriors are coming out to play, winter isn’t coming just yet, and more!CW SHOWS COMING EXCLUSIVELY TO NETFLIXEarlier this week,&nbsp;Netflix reached a deal with the CW to stream all past seasons of the network’s shows exclusively online with the subscription giant. The venture gives Netflix sole rights to previous seasons of scripted shows, and all future programs produced. And starting in 2016-2017 season, Netflix members will be able to stream full seasons just eight days after a show’s season finale. So get your binge on, CW style, with the likes of: Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Jane the Virgin, The Flash, Arrow,&nbsp;Supergirl, Legends of Tomorrow, The Vampire Diaries, The 100, iZombie, The Originals, and Reign…&nbsp;plus&nbsp;many, many more.ZACHARY QUINTO TO STAR IN NEW HOUR-LONG DRAMA BIOPUNKStar Trek&nbsp;star Zachary Quinto will be starring in and executive producing a new hour-long drama called&nbsp;Biopunk, which is based on Wired&nbsp;magazine’s senior business/technology writer Marcus Wohlsen’s book Biopunk: DIY Scientists Hack the Software of Life by Wired. Biopunk chronicles the underground world of bio-hackers — DIY garage scientists seeking to do for biotech what Steve Jobs did for personal computing.THE WARRIORS&nbsp;TO COME OUT AND PLAY ONCE AGAINFans awaiting confirmation of a TV show based on the cult classic film The Warriors received it this week. Rumors of a new adaptation had been circulating over the years, but it has finally been announced that Joe and Anthony Russo, co-director brothers who have recently been knee-deep in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, will helm the pilot. It will be produced by Paramount Television Productions — along with the Russos — and will air on Hulu. The show is said to maintain the atmosphere of the film while incorporating its own gritty, sexy style. The famous invitation to rumble, “Warriors, come out to play,” can almost be heard again already.WINTER IS DELAYEDWinter isn’t coming just yet. D.B. Weiss and David Benioff stated in an interview with the UFC Unfiltered podcast, that season seven of Game of Thrones will be premiering later in 2017 to allow more time to film during colder weather.&nbsp;Weiss stated,&nbsp;“Winter is here, and that means that sunny weather doesn’t really serve our purposes anymore. So we kind of pushed everything down the line, so we could get some grim, grey weather — even in the sunnier places that we shoot.”&nbsp;No specific premiere date was given in the interview, and HBO had no comment on Weiss’ remarks.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"women, game-of-thrones, San, Alien, reboot, Plus","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"game-of-thrones-production-is-delayed-and-other-tv-news"},{"id":"47509050840206","title":"Video: Luke Evans Does Not Suck","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Luke Evans Does Not Suckby Grae Drake | October 7, 2014 |  CommentsLuke Evans, Sarah Gadon, and Gary Shore of Dracula Untold talk to RT correspondent Mark Seman about untold talents, and what really scares them.Watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Network, and, IFC, Office, Schmidt, Song, Crackle","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-luke-evans-does-not-suck"},{"id":"47615227624813","title":"RT Podcast: George Miller Not Furious, Matt and Grae Are","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT Podcast: George Miller Not Furious, Matt and Grae Areby RT Staff | May 15, 2015 |  CommentsMatt and Grae discuss their issues surrounding this week’s releases Mad Max Fury Road and Pitch Perfect 2. An email from the Tomatopatch outlines the genius storytelling economy of the Game of Thrones writers, and finally director George Miller tells listeners what to watch for in his latest addition to the Mad Max franchise.More Rotten Tomatoes Podcast","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"worst, Tour, Black, Originals","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-podcast-george-miller-not-furious-matt-and-grae-are"},{"id":"47613403340329","title":"Amy Ryan and Greg Kinnear Join Paul Greengrass and Matt Damon in the Green Zone","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Amy Ryan and Greg Kinnear Join Paul Greengrass and Matt Damon in the Green ZoneQuartet attempting to buck box-office trend for Iraq-themed films.by Jeff Giles | January 10, 2008 |  Comments“Making a movie about the war in Iraq” is quickly turning into just another way of saying “losing tons of money at the box office,” but director Paul Greengrass isn’t letting that stop him.Variety reports that the as-yet-untitled thriller that Greengrass is filming with Matt Damon — inspired by Rajiv Chandrasekaran’s Imperial Life in the Emerald City: Inside Iraq’s Green Zone — started shooting in Spain yesterday. Joining Damon are Amy Ryan, currently riding high on critics’ year-end best-of lists for her supporting turn in Gone Baby Gone, and Greg Kinnear. From the article:Damon plays an officer who teams with a senior CIA officer to search for evidence of weapons of mass destruction. Ryan will play a New York Times foreign correspondent sent to Iraq to investigate the U.S. government’s WMD claims. Kinnear plays another CIA officer. Antoni Corone has been cast as a colonel.Much has been made of the failure of Iraq-themed films to gain any traction at the box office; whether they’re framed as thoughtful character studies (In the Valley of Elah, $6.5 million box office) or popcorn action flicks (The Kingdom, $47 million), audiences seem to tune them out with equal enthusiasm. Still, Greengrass has experience turning headlines into movies — he directed United 93, after all — and his last project with Damon was a little picture called The Bourne Ultimatum.Source: Variety","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Poppins, lee, Fox, PlayStation, drama, doctor","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"amy-ryan-and-greg-kinnear-join-paul-greengrass-and-matt-damon-in-the-green-zone"},{"id":"47509232198436","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Sony announces Men in Black III","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Sony announces Men in Black IIIPlus sequels for the new Star Trek, Dazed &amp; Confused, and Eastern Promisesby Greg Dean Schmitz | April 3, 2009 |  CommentsRight smack in the middle of this week was April Fool’s Day, so some stories this week had to be always be viewed with a grain of salt, but there was indeed real movie news. And as usual, being true didn’t stop some stories from still seeming ridiculous and incredible. In that spirit, starting this week, the Weekly Ketchup will be ending with the Rotten Story of the Week, the story that’s just so weird that it would have to be an April Fool’s Day joke (but isn’t).#1 MEN IN BLACK III: THEY’LL MAKE THIS LOOK GOOD… AGAINIn the seven years since Men in Black II there have been occasional stories from Sony about plans to return to the comedic stories of the agents who protect Earth from our alien visitors. Most of these rumors circulated several years ago, and since then the concept of a Men in Black III has mostly receded from fan prominence. So it was a bit of a surprise this week at ShoWest when Sony announced (along with Ghostbusters III, which has had more press coverage lately) their plans to develop Men in Black III in time for a big summer, 2011 release. The details, however, basically stop there: no writer, no director and no indication from Sony as to who exactly might star in this theoretical Men in Black III. Obviously, the big draw would be Will Smith, but is he necessarily required for the franchise to continue? Although Smith was surely part of the appeal of the first two movies, the FX-heavy combination of live-action and CGI aliens seems like one that would be friendly to any new agent that might be recruited to protect us from aliens this time around.#2 STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF… NO, PROBABLY NOTAlthough the relaunch of Star Trek is still over a month away, Paramount is hot enough on the new franchise to hire that movie’s writers, Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman (also the writing team behind Transformers and The Legend of Zorro), along with Lost producer and frequent writer Damon Lindelof, to start working on a Star Trek sequel. J.J. Abrams is also on board to produce with his Bad Robot Productions, but it is not yet known if he will also return as director. No details of the premise have been revealed, as Variety reports that the writers are waiting to see what aspects of Star Trek the fans respond to most. Paramount expects to have a script by Christmas of 2009, with a summer, 2011 release date being targeted. Although it may seem a bit presumptous to start working on a sequel before a movie is even released, Star Trek is undoubtedly a franchise that Paramount has a long history with, and wants a long future with as well, so the movie would have to be a complete bomb for them not to proceed with a Star Trek II.#3 BRIGHT LIGHTS, BIG CITY REMAKE: LESS THAN ZERO CAN’T BE FAR OFFMGM, which has been heavily focusing its development efforts on 1980s remakes (Robocop, Fame, Red Dawn, etc), has hired TV show runner Josh Schwartz (Chuck, Gossip Girl) to write and make his feature directorial debut with a remake of 1988’s Bright Lights, Big City, which starred Michael J. Fox. Like that movie, the new project will be an adaptation of the 1984 novel of the same title by Jay McInerney, about a magazine writer in a failed marriage who numbs his worries through drugs, alcohol and sexual misadventures. It’s as yet unknown whether Schwartz will be keeping the novel’s 1980s setting, or contemporizing it for the 21st century. Josh Schwartz will start work on the adaptation after finishing his draft of X-Men: First Class, and a Gossip Girl spin off series called Lilly.#4 EASTERN PROMISES TO GET AN UNEXPECTED SEQUELFirst off, if you have not yet seen Eastern Promises, I should note that the source of this story at MTV spoils the ending in the first sentence, but I won’t do that to you. Anyway, the story here is that director David Cronenberg revealed to them that he is working on his first sequel (The Fly got a sequel, but Cronenberg didn’t direct it), because while researching that thriller/drama about Russians living in London, Cronenberg found that he had more material than he could fit into the original film. Cronenberg is working with the first movie’s screenwriter, Steven Knight (Dirty Pretty Things), and is looking forward to working with star Viggo Mortensen again, which will mark their third movie together (their first being A History of Violence). Cronenberg doesn’t give any details about the story this time around (the first movie revolved around the baby of a dead Russian teenager), or whether Naomi Watts or Vincent Cassel might return.#5 DAZED AND CONFUSED GETTING A NON-SEQUEL SEQUELAfter revisiting his little romantic drama Before Sunrise with a reunion movie called Before Sunset, director Richard Linklater is now working on a movie that will not be a direct sequel to his 1970s stoner comedy Dazed and Confused, but will at least be what he calls a “spiritual sequel.” The project will not feature any of the characters from Dazed and Confused, but by being set during the first week of the new college school year in 1980, it is expected to still have the feel of following similar characters as they progress from high school to college. Another difference is that while Dazed and Confused featured football players, this new movie will instead focus on baseball. Linklater hopes to film this as-yet-untitled comedy in and around his hometown of Austin, Texas this summer and is currently hard at work trying to find financing so that can happen. Richard Linklater’s most recently filmed movie, Me and Orson Welles, starring Zac Efron, is expected to be released sometime later this year.#6 20TH CENTURY FOX IMAGINES THE WORLD WITHOUT USEarlier this decade, 20th Century Fox took the non-fiction book The Coming Global Superstorm and turned it into the summer blockbuster The Day After Tomorrow. This week, Fox made a similar deal for the 2007 non-fiction book, The World Without Us, by Alan Weisman, with the I Am Legend writer/director team of Mark Protosevich (The Cell) and Francis Lawrence (Constantine) on board to make this big budget “tentpole” movie a priority. The concept of The World Without Us is a series of predictions of what how Earth, and life on Earth, will progress in a possible future in which human life is no more (for any of the many different reasons that could happen). Curiously, this scenario has also been a subject of a few recent TV documentaries: The Future is Wild in 2003, and both Aftermath: Population Zero and Life After People in 2008. The big question I would have for this movie is whether it will actually have a human cast, or just be a two hour movie showing animals roaming around our ruins. If so, will they be talking animals? Hopefully not. Protosevich is also working on the Oldboy remake for Steven Spielberg to direct and Will Smith to star, but THR reports that he will work on this project first. With this movie being eyed for a possible 2011 release that means another tentpole script by Protosevich might be released around the same time: Thor.#7 WE CAN ONLY HOPE THIS TITLE DOESN’T CHANGEWhile director Paul Weitz (In Good Company, American Dreamz) prepares to work with Robert DeNiro on Little Fockers, the duo have another project in the works which Weitz expects will be his next movie after Little Fockers. That movie is called Another Bullshit Night in Suck City, and is based upon a memoir by American poet Nick Flynn, about his troubled relationship with his father (DeNiro), a con man and bank robber, with Casey Affleck cast to star as Flynn. Weitz also wrote the screenplay and Focus Features will be distributing the project, which may start filming in 2010 after Weitz wraps up Little Fockers. Paul Weitz’s most recent wrapped movie is Universal’s Cirque du Freak, a bizarre story that combines vampires and freak show stars, and is now scheduled for an early 2010 release.#8 TOBEY MAGUIRE TO GO FOR A DIFFERENT TYPE OF SPIN IN THE LIMITTobey Maguire is producing and will star in the Columbia Pictures project The Limit, which is based upon an upcoming novel about the true story of the 1961 Grand Prix (Formula One) racing championship. The Limit will tell the story of friends Wolfgang von Trips and Phil Hill (Maguire), who were also rivals on the raceway. Although there aren’t a lot of professional racing movies, there have been even fewer set in the world of Formula One racing, with the last studio movie (that I know of) being 1966’s Grand Prix, directed by John Frankenheimer. Sylvester Stallone’s Driven was originally envisioned as a Grand Prix movie, but Stallone was unable to work out rights, and so it was based upon the similar CART format instead. Tony Peckham (cowriter of Sherlock Holmes, Don’t Say a Word) is adapting the script from the upcoming novel by Michael Cannell. There is no director yet, so there is a good chance that The Limit might be a project for Tobey Maguire after he wraps filming of Spider-Man 4 and Spider-Man 5 (also for Columbia), which are expected to film back-to-back.#9 NICOLE KIDMAN AND AARON ECKHART GO DOWN THE RABBIT HOLEAaron Eckhart is in talks to join Nicole Kidman in Rabbit Hole, an adaptation of a Broadway play by David Lindsay-Abaire (Inkheart; cowriter of Robots), who is also currently working with Sam Raimi on Spider-Man 4. Kidman is producing Rabbit Hole, which is about a happily married couple whose lives are interrupted when their young son dies in a car accident, and who struggle to return their lives to normalcy. In the original Broadway run, the couple was played by Cynthia Nixon (Sex and the City) and John Slattery (Mad Men, Desperate Housewives), and Lindsay-Abaire won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. Rabbit Hole will be directed by John Cameron Mitchell, best known for directing and starring in both the stage and film versions of the awesome cabaret/rock musical, Hedwig and the Angry Inch. Filming is expected to start in May, 2009.#10 PAUL BETTANY: FROM ANGELS TO VAMPIRES IN PRIESTBritish actor Paul Bettany’s eclectic filmography has included such roles as Russell Crowe’s doctor friend in Master and Commander, the scary monk in The Da Vinci Code and the voice of Jarvis in Iron Man. Now in the pipeline for Bettany are the lead roles in the first two movies by a new director, Scott Charles Stewart, both of which are “genre movies.” Already wrapped is Screen Gems’ Legion, scheduled for January, 2010, in which Bettany plays the Archangel Michael, in a story about a waitress who discovers her unborn child is the coming Messiah. Screen Gems was apparently impressed with Bettany and Stewart’s collaboration, because they are reuniting for Priest, an adaptation of a popular Korean Manwha comic book series. In Priest, which is set in a world that has been ravaged by hundreds of years of war between humans and vampires, Paul Bettany will play a “warrior priest” tracking down a band of vampires who have kidnapped his niece. It’s also perhaps interesting to note that both Legion and Priest are set in the American Southwest, and that Priest’s writer Cory Goodman is also working on the movie version of Kung Fu, another story set in the west.“ROTTEN” IDEA OF THE WEEKInspired by April Fool’s Day this week, the Weekly Ketchup is adding a new closer feature, focusing on the newly announced movie each week which has the distinction of being the most ridiculous or least advised concept that Hollywood has come up with each week. The movie that starts this new feature off is Easy A, a Screen Gems teen comedy directed by Will Gluck (Fired Up) that is inspired by Nathaniel Hawthorne’s classic novel, The Scarlet Letter. Emma Stone (Superbad) is in talks to star as a girl who pretends to be the school slut in hopes that it will make her more popular, but then realizes that there are actually negative consequences of that sort of reputation, as her life begins to resemble that of Hester Prynne from The Scarlet Letter. Filming is expected to start later this month in Ojai, California. Easy A isn’t the first movie to take a classic story and set it in high school; 10 Things I Hate About You was based upon Shakespeare’s The Taming of the Shrew and Clueless loosely borrowed its premise from Jane Austen’s Emma. However, this movie sounds like it twists The Scarlet Letter around in a rather strange way, and a teenage girl thinking that being perceived as the school slut is a good thing seems like such a stereotypical 21st century, post-Paris Hilton/Britney Spears concept.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS through his MySpace page or via a RT forum message. Greg also blogs about the TV show Lost at TwoLosties.Blogspot.com.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Acorn, sequels, Lionsgate, disaster, Movies, TBS, crossover, TV+, Paramount, History","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Sony-announces-Men-in-Black-III"},{"id":"47509097600567","title":"Box Office: Fate Races Closer to Billion Dollar Mark","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Fate Races Closer to Billion Dollar MarkAudiences Let Unforgettable Go Forgotten.by Gitesh Pandya | April 23, 2017 |  CommentsThis weekend, pulling in more ticket sales than the next five movies combined, the action sequel The Fate of the Furious easily topped a sluggish box office grossing an estimated $38.7M in its second round. Universal’s 61% sophomore decline was almost identical to the 60% fall suffered by the last installment, 2015’s Furious 7. Both films launched on Easter weekend.Fate has amassed $163.6M after ten full days of release which is 35% behind the pace of F7 which was Paul Walker‘s final film, but only 4% behind Fast &amp; Furious 6 from the summer of 2013. Fate looks on course to end up with around $230M domestically dipping a bit from the $238.7M of FF6. The studio already has scheduled chapters nine and ten in the lucrative series for Easter weekends in 2019 and 2021.The latest Furious is following a pattern Hollywood has been seeing for a few years now – aging action franchises that do gangbusters in China anchoring sturdy international runs while domestic grosses see some form of erosion. Fate pulled in a stellar $58.5M in China this weekend propelling the total there to $319M after just ten days which already makes it the number two U.S. film in history in that market as it passes the $319M of Transformers: Age of Extinction. It is now trailing only the $390.5M of Furious 7 among Hollywood blockbusters.Driven by this continued success, Fate pushed its incredible overseas tally to $744.8M and saw the worldwide cume climb to an incredible $908.4M. Vin Diesel and team will crack the billion dollar mark before the end of April on their way to a possible finish of over $1.2 billion. To date, the eight Fast &amp; Furious films have grossed a combined $4.81 billion, or more than $600M a piece on average. The durable franchise has come a long way since the first movie in 2001 which cost only $38M to produce.Families still came out for the DreamWorks Animation hit The Boss Baby which captured an estimated $12.8M in its fourth frame. Down only 20%, the Fox release has banked $137M to date with the new worldwide total sitting at $358.1M beating the $341M of last November’s Trolls with much more to come. Boss should become the top-grossing original toon for DreamWorks in four years.Disney’s global juggernaut Beauty and the Beast held steady in third place in its sixth weekend reaching new milestones in the process. Belle grossed an estimated $10M slipping only 27% and boosted its domestic cume to $471.1M putting it into the top ten at number ten on the all-time list bumping off the original Star Wars. The first Skywalker saga’s $469M lifetime tally, however, includes grosses from 40 years ago plus the Special Edition from 20 years ago, all in 2D, with significantly more tickets sold. Beast hopes to become only the eighth film to ever break $500M in North America.With a strong start in Japan, its final market, Beauty and the Beast saw its international total climb to $629.2M as the worldwide haul broke $1.1 billion on its way to a possible final of around $1.2 billion. The Japanese debut almost doubled Cinderella which bodes well for a long run ahead there. The film’s top overseas markets have been the U.K. and China with just under $86M each and Japan is likely to leap to third after its run is completed.Disney enjoyed a nice start for its nature documentary Born in China which opened to an estimated $5.1M from 1,508 locations for a $3,413 average. The studio usually releases a nature doc each year around Earth Day and this newest offering edged out the last two which both bowed just below the $5M mark with more theaters. The G-rated panda pic has already made $9.4M in China.Showing great stamina in its third weekend was the comedy Going in Style which dipped only 20% to an estimated $5M for $31.8M to date for Warner Bros. The Sony toon Smurfs: The Lost Village also held up well with an estimated $4.9M, down 28%, and $33.4M so far.The domestic thriller Unforgettable starring Katherine Heigl and Rosario Dawson flopped on opening weekend grossing only $4.8M according to estimates. Warner Bros. averaged just $1,988 from 2,417 locations. Reviews were bad and the few who did buy tickets agreed as the R-rated film earned a dull C grade from CinemaScore. Fox Searchlight’s single dad film Gifted expanded from 1,146 to 1,986 locations and saw its weekend take climb 46% to an estimated $4.5M with the cume now at $10.7M.The big budget Armenian Genocide drama The Promise attracted few ticket buyers debuting in ninth place with an estimated $4.1M from 2,251 theaters for a weak $1,806 average. Reviews were mixed and cast members Oscar Isaac and Christian Bale did not provide much starpower to the PG-13 offering. The Lost City of Z, an Amazon exploration drama from Amazon Studios and Bleecker Street, expanded nationwide and enjoyed a nice jump up into the top ten. The PG-13 film grossed an estimated $2.1M from 614 locations and averaged a good $3,497. Reviews have been solid.The top ten films grossed an estimated $91.9M which was down 22% from last year when The Jungle Book stayed at number one with $61.5M; but up 15% from 2015 when Furious 7 remained in the top spot with $17.8M.Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following&nbsp;BoxOfficeGuru.com&nbsp;on&nbsp;Twitter.&nbsp;","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Access, psychological, Kids, Geographic","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/23131857/fate-fea1.jpg","slug":"box-office-fate-races-closer-to-billion-dollar-mark"},{"id":"47613770506974","title":"Sean Bean to Become the New \"Hitcher\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Sean Bean to Become the New \"Hitcher\"by Scott Weinberg | June 1, 2006 |  CommentsAt first I was mostly skeptical regarding this remake of \"The Hitcher\" that’s being set up at Michael Bay‘s Platinum Dunes outfit. But after reading a few interviews with the original screenwriter (Jake Wade Wall, not Eric Red) and seeing the early casting news, I’m beginning to hold out some hope here. Yes, that’s right: Sean Bean will be stepping into the role made infamous by Sir Rutger Hauer.Says The Hollywood Reporter: \"Sean Bean is thumbing his way to \"The Hitcher,\" Rogue Pictures’ remake of the 1986 horror film being produced by Platinum Dunes. Sophia Bush also is on board the film, which is being directed by veteran music video helmer Dave Meyers. The script follows a young couple driving across the country who become prey for a serial killer, who blames all of his murders on the young man. Eric Bernt wrote the current draft.\"No word yet on who’ll be playing The Hitchee, but I just hope it won’t be Ashton Kutcher.For those with short memories, Sean Bean is the omnipresent Englishman from \"The Fellowship of the Ring,\" \"Troy,\" \"National Treasure,\" \"The Island,\" \"Flightplan,\" and \"Silent Hill.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"National","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"sean-bean-to-become-the-new-hitcher"},{"id":"47509238824805","title":"The Weekly Ketchup: Writers On Strike; Indy 4 Official Site; Hasbro Message To G.I. Joe Fans","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        The Weekly Ketchup: Writers On Strike; Indy 4 Official Site; Hasbro Message To G.I. Joe Fans\n                        Timothy Olyphant on the Hitman director, Golden Compass author disses other books.\n                        by Nick Hershey | November 9, 2007                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                In this week’s Ketchup, screenwriters everywhere drop the pen and march for the cause, a new official site for Indy 4 is unveiled, and Hasbro addresses some G.I. Joe rumors. Also, Timothy Olyphant clears up some Hitman rumors, and Golden Compass writer Philip Pullman doesn’t think so highly of some other prominent fantasy novels.\nThis Week’s Most Popular News:\nAs Hollywood Strike Begins, Celebs Join Writers on Picket Lines\nWriters, pitch those sign slogans! The Writers Guild of America (WGA) strike has officially begun, and today’s picketers came out with guns blazing.\nNew Indy 4 Video, Official Site\nPrincipal photography on Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has wrapped, and to celebrate, the filmmakers have unveiled an expanded official site for the film!\nHasbro Issues Message to G.I. Joe Fans\nThere have been a lot of rumors regarding the Paramount/Hasbro-produced live-action G.I Joe movie, and we’ve had fun discussing many of them — but Hasbro, apparently, hasn’t been enjoying the gossip as much as the rest of us.\nTimothy Olyphant Addresses Hitman Rumors\nAbout a month ago, we discussed a rumor regarding 20th Century Fox’s supposed sacking of Hitman director Xavier Gens — and the studio’s rumored desire for a PG-13 film. Fox later refuted the rumor…but doth the studio protest too much?\nGolden Compass Author Doesn’t Care for Narnia, Lord of the Rings \nIt won’t reach theaters until December 7, but The Golden Compass — which adapts the first installment in Philip Pullman’s His Dark Materials trilogy — already has some people up in arms, and the author doesn’t seem to mind one bit.\n\nThe director may have been one of his victims.\nIn Other News:\n\nMichelle Pfeiffer and Ashton Kutcher will star in the drama Personal Effects, based on the story Mansion on the Hill by Rick Moody.\nShawnee Smith, Erica Leerhsen and AnnaLynne McCord will star in the horror film Slaughter for Maverick Films.\nVictor Salva will return to write and direct Jeepers Creepers 3, with designs to also create a TV series based on the horror films.\nDavid S. Goyer is in talks to direct an untitled supernatural thriller, from the Platinum Dunes producing team of Michael Bay, Andrew Form and Brad Fuller.\nBenderspink has acquired film rights to the comic book series Starkweather from Archaia Studios Press.\nJosh Hartnett and Sam Rockwell will star in the football drama End Zone, with George Ratliff planning to direct.\nJosh Lucas will star in the upcoming thriller Tell-Tale, the adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe‘s Tell-Tale Heart from producers ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"007, movies, Adventures, independent, The, PBS, renewals, crime, hollywood, President, Superheroes, batman, Grant","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"The-Weekly-Ketchup-Writers-On-Strike-Indy-4-Official-Site-Hasbro-Message-To-GI-Joe-Fans"},{"id":"47614080087906","title":"Trailer Bulletin: Basic Instinct 2","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Trailer Bulletin: Basic Instinct 2by Scott Weinberg | February 15, 2006 |  CommentsWe’ve been hearing about the possibility of a \"Basic Instinct\" sequel for several years now, and the thing’s finally finished with and ready for release. It stars an older, but still plainly sexy, Sharon Stone as femme fatale Catherine Trammell, who is once again suspected of committing a sex-related murder. Click here for the trailer (while wondering why this flick isn’t going direct-to-video).\"Novelist Catherine Tramell is once again in trouble with the law, and Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Andrew Glass to evaluate her. Though, like Detective Nick Curran before him, Glass is entranced by Tramell and lured into a seductive game.\"Written by Henry Bean (\"Internal Affairs\") and Leora Barish (\"Desperately Seeking Susan\") and directed by Michael Caton-Jones (\"Rob Roy\"), \"Basic Instinct 2\" stars Sharon Stone, David Morrissey, David Thewlis, Hugh Dancy, and Charlotte Rampling.(Interesting to note that the producers were so adamant about letting you know about Ms. Stone’s newest crotch-shot that they included it in the trailer, but only before jamming a huge black box over the offending body region. Movie marketing is a crazy profession, I’m tellin’ ya.)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Star, Fire, FX, comic, HBO, Grammys, Paramount, crime","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"trailer-bulletin-basic-instinct-2"},{"id":"47613749871315","title":"Action-Packed Set Pics From \"Fantastic Four 2\" and \"Rush Hour 3\"!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Action-Packed Set Pics From \"Fantastic Four 2\" and \"Rush Hour 3\"!by RT Staff | October 12, 2006 |  CommentsDark Horizons has pointed the way to some exciting set pics for \"Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer\" and \"Rush Hour 3,\" both currently in production.The \"Fantastic Four\" shots include a marriage scene with (but not between, duh) Chris Evans (as Johnny Storm) and Jessica Alba (as Sue Storm), as well as set shots of creator Stan Lee and director Tim Story. You can also glimpse a miniature rooftop set, Michael Chiklis in full \"Thing\" attire, and lots more snapshots…of female extras.In the \"Rush Hour\" pics, you can see stars Jackie Chan (riding a Segway around the set), Chris Tucker and Yvan Attal riding through the streets of Paris on various modes of transportation. In addition, there are shots of the other principles on the set, including director Brett Ratner and cast member Roman Polanski.\"Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer,\" set for release on July 4, 2007; \"Rush Hour 3\" is slated for an Aug. 10, 2007 release.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Video","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"actionpacked-set-pics-from-fantastic-four-2-and-rush-hour-3"},{"id":"47508759306717","title":"Burnt Gets Burned","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Burnt Gets BurnedPlus, Our Brand Is Crisis is a so-so political satire, and Ash vs. Evil Dead is gory and hilarious.by Tim Ryan | October 29, 2015 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a cantankerous chef (Burnt, starring Bradley Cooper&nbsp;and Sienna Miller), an ace political strategist (Our Brand is Crisis, starring Sandra Bullock and Billy Bob Thornton),&nbsp;and defensive campers (Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse, starring Tye Sheridan and David Koechner). What do the critics have to say?Burnt (2015)  28%At this point, we expect celebrity chefs to act like college basketball coaches — it’s a surprise if they aren’t yelling all the time. The problem with Burnt, critics say, is that its central culinarian is such a jerk that he ends up giving the whole dish a bad taste. Bradley Cooper stars as Adam Jones, whose genius in the kitchen has often been undermined by a short temper and a taste for booze. In a bid for redemption, Jones tries to keep his emotions in check and repair his interpersonal relationships. The pundits say Burnt&nbsp;looks appetizing but is made with stale ingredients — in other words, its excellent cast and strong visuals can’t salvage its predictable plot.Our Brand is Crisis (2015)  36%It’s easy to be cynical about politics, so if you’re going to make a film that satirizes the electoral process, it needs to be sharp enough to draw blood. Unfortunately, the critics say that while Our Brand is Crisis offers a tough, smart performance from Sandra Bullock, its insights aren’t particularly deep. Based on a 2005 documentary of the same name, the film stars Bullock as Jane Bodine, a hotshot political strategist who’s hired to resuscitate the sagging campaign of a Bolivian presidential candidate. What makes this election personal is that Jane’s hated rival Pat Candy (Billy Bob Thornton) is working for her candidate’s opponent. The pundits say Our Brand Is Crisis gets a decent amount of mileage out of its stars, but otherwise, this comedy is breezy when it should be down and dirty.Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse (2015)  44%Must an adolescent fantasy be so juvenile? Critics say Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse — which, as the title indicates, is the story of a group of Scouts who must save their community from a zombie outbreak — has enough decent gags for a killer webisode, but at feature length, its scatological humor and narrative slackness wear thin.&nbsp;What’s Hot on TVSupergirl: Season 1 (2015)  92%Melissa Benoist&nbsp;shines as Superman’s plucky little cousin in Supergirl, a family-friendly comic-book adaptation that ditches cynicism for heart.&nbsp;Ash vs Evil Dead: Season 1 (2015)  98%True to the movies that spawned it, Ash vs. Evil Dead is a gory, hilarious, and audacious resurrection of&nbsp;Sam Raimi‘s&nbsp;beloved horror franchise.Wicked City: Season 1 (2015)  18%Wicked City falls prey to the style-over-substance stereotype of the decade in which it takes place —&nbsp;although it does have a killer 1980s soundtrack.THE WALKING DEAD, SEASON 6, EPISODE 3: \"THANK YOU\"  94%“Thank You” is an example of what The Walking Dead does best, combining gripping action with troubling existential questions in a heart-wrenching plot twist.&nbsp;Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release The Wonders (2015) , starring Monica Bellucci&nbsp;in a drama about a the teenage daughter from a family of struggling beekeepers who becomes obsessed with a mysterious television personality, is at 97 percent. Oklahoma! (1955) ,&nbsp;a re-release of the classic&nbsp;Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, is at 96 percent. The Armor Of Light (2015) , a documentary profile of an Evangelical minister speaking out in favor of gun control, is at 89 percent. The Price We Pay (2015) , a documentary about the ways in which large corporations avoid paying taxes, is at 88 percent. Tab Hunter Confidential (2015) ,&nbsp;a documentary about the life and coming-out of the 1950s teen heartthrob, is at 88 percent. The Royal Road (2015) ,&nbsp;a documentary essay about personal identity set against the backdrop of California’s urban landscapes, is at 82 percent. Flowers (Loreak) (2015) , a Spanish drama about a lonely woman who receives a series of bouquets from an unknown sender, is at 75 percent. Love (2015) , Gaspar Noe‘s&nbsp;semi-ironically-titled drama about a sexually adventurous Parisian couple, is at 50 percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"TCA, service, Fall, Peacock, movies, monsters, 78th, APB","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/29231546/Burnt.jpg","slug":"burnt"},{"id":"47508825591906","title":"Jack McBrayer’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Jack McBrayer's Five Favorite FilmsThe Star of Smurfs: The Lost Village and 30 Rock Explores Smurfdom, Clue, and the Everyday Parade That is Chicago.by Kerr Lordygan | April 7, 2017 |  Comments(Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images)Kenneth the page from&nbsp;30 Rock&nbsp;is up and at ’em, bringing the giggles again as Clumsy Smurf in&nbsp;Smurfs: The Lost Village. Funny man Jack McBrayer, who plays both characters,&nbsp;brings his Georgian charm with him wherever he goes, and he kindly obliged us&nbsp;when we got a chance to talk to ask him about his Five Favorite Films. Neither thrills nor laughs nor tears escape his list, which you can see here:Clue (1985)  65%Clue. I love it. That thing holds up. There are hard jokes. It is an astounding ensemble. I would watch that movie on a loop for the rest of my life if I had to. It is that funny. I love the movie, Clue.Which ending?I mean, I never saw it in the movie theater. I only saw it on VHS when it showed all of the endings.People were going to see it two or three times to see each ending.I think I probably wouldn’t have appreciated it seeing it in the theater. Once I saw it when we rented it from Blockbuster or whatever I was just like, “Oh, oh.” Actually, it might have been pretty inspirational for me in terms of — I eventually got to perform at Second City in Chicago. That’s all all about ensemble comedy, creating your own thing and stuff. Yeah, Clue. Hands down.Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986)  80%That parade scene. The parade scene — I celebrate it. But also it, like, tears me up a little bit. It is just such a joyful… I can’t even imagine what it would have been like to shoot that. It was really wonderful. I saw it as a young person, but then, eventually, moving to Chicago it was pretty great. I felt some ownership to it.Was it accurate?Yes, so accurate. Every day was a parade.The Royal Tenenbaums (2002)  81%Okay. You know — it is a recent acquisition for me — but I’m way into the Wes Anderson stuff. Anytime The Royal Tenenbaums is on, I am camped out. People are like, “Is that your favorite?” I think it might be. Also, I do concede, that might have been the first Wes Anderson movie I saw. I love everything about all of his movies. They are so good. They are so stylized. They’re beautiful to look at. I’m always a fan of whichever&nbsp;new one is coming out.Jaws (1975)  98%Jaws&nbsp;was the first scary movie I ever saw. Even though I did hate it and it made me scared of sharks, it stuck with me. Every time it’s on, I do have to watch it. Especially now that you know the behind the scenes stuff. The shark didn’t work. So then it became a creative choice to just not show the shark until two-thirds in.&nbsp;It was freezing cold and these people had to be in the ocean.&nbsp;Then, the ocean was freezing so these people were freezing cold and raining and all of that kind of stuff. It just made it more movie magic for me.Big Fish (2003)  75%For number five, I’m just going to say Big Fish, which Tim Burton directed. I think that’s one that sons and fathers can connect to. So that’s a real tear-jerker, but also I just love the acting in it. I love how it looks. I love Tim Burton movies. And, yeah, that one was pretty great. I will sit and watch that when or if it’s on, even though I’ve seen it like two dozen times.Kerr Lordygan for Rotten Tomatoes: What drew you to Smurfdom? Were you a fan of the Smurfs to begin with?Jack McBrayer:&nbsp;I was. I mean, I’m a child of … I would say 1980s, but even 1970s. I grew up watching them on Saturday morning cartoons and they’re just iconic. They are iconic cartoon characters. Also, the story of this one was particularly innovative and interesting to me. When that opportunity came up and they called me, I was like, “Oh, yeah.”RT: Did you have a favorite smurf?Jack McBrayer:&nbsp;I do have to say I enjoyed Jokey Smurf. I enjoyed Jokey Smurf, but maybe it was because he was always laughing and stuff. I’m not a big fan of pranking people. Actually, maybe I should change my answer about which one is my favorite. Up until this conversation, it was Jokey.RT: Maybe it helped to mold your comedic talent.Jack McBrayer: True.Smurfs: The Lost Village opens on Friday, Apr. 7, 2017 in&nbsp;wide release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"video, spain, sports, American, awards, IFC, books, furious, WGN, die, HBO, Lifetime","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/04184835/jack-mcb-fea.jpg","slug":"jack-mcbrayers-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508681529134","title":"Everything We Know About The Falcon and the Winter Soldier","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Everything We Know About The Falcon and the Winter SoldierThe MCU Phase 4–tied series will premiere March 19, 2021 and just dropped a new official trailer. Anthony Mackie and Sebastian Stan reprise their Avengers roles from Marvel's blockbuster superhero films in the Disney+ series.by Erik Amaya | February 7, 2021 |  CommentsThe Falcon and the Winter Soldier, Marvel Studios’ first foray into television, is a six-episode limited series featuring two of the Captain America films’ best supporting characters: Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie) — aka Falcon — and James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes (Sebastian Stan), the infamous Winter Solider. The duo remain together despite their initial antipathy, and we couldn’t be more thrilled to see them in another adventure.Of course, as one of the earliest of the studio’s ambitious plans for content on the Disney+ streaming service – it was the first until pandemic circumstances shuffled things up and&nbsp;WandaVision&nbsp;jumped the queue – all eyes are on the series to deliver action, suspense, laughs, and at least one or two answers to questions left dangling from Avengers: Endgame. A just-released official trailer, teased during the 2021 Super Bowl, has revealed new details about the series.So let’s take a look at everything we know about the series so far and what it could mean for the television aspect of the Marvel Cinematic Universe’s Phase 4.When Does The Falcon and the Winter Soldier Premiere?The series was initially&nbsp;slated to debut in August 2020 and follow Disney+’s customary release pattern with one new episode per week for the six-week run. The title, along with its MCU series brethren WandaVision and Loki, was among the first productions to shut down in response to the emerging COVID-19 pandemic in March.During the December 10, 2020&nbsp;Disney Investor Day, Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige announced that the series&nbsp;premieres March 19, 2021. And that is now the official release date.The program is still considered a limited series, so do not expect a second season to be forthcoming. Although, you never know what tricks Marvel may pull to turn its limited series plans into ongoing prestige programs. And even if The Falcon and the Winter Soldier remains a one-off event, Marvel has plans for many more series in the works.When Does The Falcon and the Winter Soldier&nbsp;Take Place?(Photo by Marvel Studios/Disney+)Click image to see full poster in a new window.As with seemingly all of the announced Disney+ shows, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier will occur sometime after Endgame. How much later is still up for debate and that span of time is important for an number of reasons. For one: both Sam and Bucky were snapped away in Avengers: Infinity War and presumed dead for five years. They will have to re-establish themselves as living persons. And while this may be difficult for Sam, it will be a nightmare for Bucky — he’s been legally dead since the 1940s!Also, he’s still a wanted criminal for his activities as the mind-controlled Winter Soldier. Though one imagines the Avengers may have smoothed over some of that following the Endgame battle. If that turns out to be the case, both Sam and Bucky still face acclimating to a world which moved on without them. It’s something Spider-Man: Far From Home glossed over, but feels like prime material for a limited-run television series.It might also be the place to establish what the Avengers look like post-Endgame. Well, provided they exist in any form. Are Sam and Bucky involved in their activities or are they, as it always seems, on their own?What Is The Falcon and the Winter Soldier&nbsp;About?(Photo by Zade Rosenthal/©Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures/courtesy Everett Collection)Beyond the aspects of the post-Endgame MCU we’d like to see clarified, the show will revolve around Sam’s decision to take over the as Captain America from Steve Rogers (Chris Evans). His feelings on the matter are complicated, naturally enough, and that character-driven choice is the sort of thing Feige wants the Marvel Studios television shows to focus on.“Disney+ is going to give us this opportunity to tell even deeper stories on characters you already know and love … in a new type of cinematic way that we haven’t done before,” Feige said at CCXP19.Making things tougher for Sam, the U.S. government appears to be less than thrilled with Steve’s choice to give him the vibranium shield. In lieu of Sam, John Walker (Wyatt Russell) appears to be their preferred choice. The character is based on the Marvel Comics antihero and sometimes-villain U.S. Agent. Initially presented as a foe for Captain America, Walker took over the heroic identity for a time and served on superhero teams like the Great Lakes Avengers as U.S. Agent. His complicated past leads us to suspect his MCU counterpart will have an equally difficult path, which will no doubt lead him into fighting Sam before they potentially team up to fight a more shadowy enemy.Also, because of Walker’s affiliations in the comics, we expect The Falcon and the Winter Soldier&nbsp;will also address the state of the Sokovia Accords and whether or not costume heroes have to register with the government.Of course, it still leaves us with the central question: Will Sam become Captain America? He did for a time in the pages of Marvel Comics, so it is a possibility. But it is also possible the question will remain unresolved by the end of the series.Who Else Stars in The Falcon and the Winter Soldier?(Photo by Disney+)Outside of the title characters and Russell as Walker, the series will feature the return of Captain America film series characters Sharon Carter (Emily VanCamp) and Helmut Zemo (Daniel Brühl, pictured). As revealed back at SDCC 2019 – and shown extensively in the 2021 Super Bowl trailer – Zemo will wear the comic book character’s famed purple mask. But other details of his appearance and current circumstances are unclear. Is he the real mastermind behind the government’s skepticism toward Sam? Will he try to activate Bucky to break him out of jail? Did he get snapped or did he live those five years? The material Marvel and Disney+ have unveiled to date leaves that last question very much up in the air, but it is possible his new fashion sense comes from years in isolation. He does announce in the latest trailer that he has some unfinished business.And considering his rather complicated lineage in the comics, it is possible the series may devote some time to him discovering a forgotten claim to a Sokovian barony. Although, the MCU Zemo strikes us as a “smash the aristocracy” type and any sort of noble lineage may be his secret shame.VanCamp’s return as Sharon Carter may represent the closest tie the overarching Phase 4 story. On the run since Captain America: Civil War (although she was counted among the lost during the five-year gap), it is possible she found her way back to S.H.I.E.L.D. – an organization whose status definitely needs to be clarified in the MCU with Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. ending this summer – or contacted Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) and hooked up with his secret space force. As we remain hopeful S.W.O.R.D. (an extra-planetary defense force dedicated to keeping Earth safe from aliens) will be introduced in Phase 4, her story could be an opportunity to establish it and its role. Beyond those things, though, the series also presents the opportunity for Sharon to actually have a story all her own.Other actors joining the MCU with the series include Adepero Oduye, Desmond Chiam, Miki Ishikawa, Noah Mills, and Carl Lumbly is still-classified roles; although, knowing Marvel, we will probably know their character names by the release of Black Widow later this April.Who&nbsp;Is Writing and Directing&nbsp;The Falcon and the Winter Soldier?(Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images for Disney)Orchestrating Sam and Bucky’s next journey is Malcolm Spellman, a veteran of the television series Empire. He also, curiously enough, wrote The Sopranos: Road to Respect video game. He serves as showrunner and head writer, while Kari Skogland takes on the task of directing all six episodes. With a resume which includes episodes of Family Law, Boardwalk Empire, Vikings, The Handmaid’s Tale, and The Punisher, she seems well-suited to the task. John Wick writer Derek Kolstad is also a member of the writing team.Filming began in October 2019 in Atlanta, home of various Marvel productions like the more recent Avengers films and&nbsp;Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. The series planned to move to Arecibo, Puerto Rico, in January, but earthquakes delayed the scheduled shooting. Currently, the production is shooting material in Prague.How Else Does&nbsp;The Falcon and the Winter Soldier&nbsp;Connect to the MCU?(Photo by Marvel Studios)Beyond the obvious ties to various MCU films by way of casting and plot, The Falcon and the Winter Solider may offer other connections to projects or added greater depth to the ongoing metanarrative.In the Marvel Comics universe, Taskmaster trained John Walker, making him a formidable opponent to anyone he crossed. The character is set to make his debut in Black Widow and could, theoretically, be partly responsible for Walker’s training in the show. Of course, as the film is set shortly after Civil War, Taskmaster would have to survive the plot to be around and train U.S. Agent. Granted, Walker could’ve been in training prior to Black Widow as well.As it happens, Walker often worked for the Commission on Superhuman Activities, a presidential taskforce aimed at supervising American superheroes, in the comics. They have a far reach and could potentially debut in the series as a new pressure for Sam and Bucky, but also for film heroes like Captain Marvel (Brie Larson), Spider-Man (Tom Holland), and Thor (Chris Hemsworth).And since Walker’s arrival into the MCU creates so many possibilities, could a Great Lakes Avengers series be far behind? The often comical adventures of, to be frank, second-string heroes would be an interesting place for Marvel to go with television. In fact, it would allow them to build an ongoing series with a new set of characters while continuing to make limited-run programs with the more expensive film stars.The Falcon and The Winter Soldier is available on Disney+ from March 19, 2021.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"Mary, Academy, Fresh, series, Century, Best, Dead, Election, Watching, nightmare, Disney, YouTube, Classic, DC","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/07185910/Falcon-and-Winter-Soldier-thumb.jpg","slug":"everything-we-know-about-the-falcon-and-the-winter-soldier"},{"id":"47508944876754","title":"Batman ’66: Some Days You Just Can’t Get Rid of a Bomb","content":"Sub-Cultvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Batman '66: Some Days You Just Can't Get Rid of a BombThe 1966 Batman movie is a crazy anomaly: a movie about Bruce Wayne’s alter-ego that’s actually fun.by Nathan Rabin | August 17, 2016 |  Comments&nbsp;DC’s Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn Of Justice and Suicide Squad weren’t received as disappointments so&nbsp;much as they were greeted as unforgivable insults to the general public. They&nbsp;inspired a lot of wailing, complaining, rending of garments, and insane over-reactions.A moviegoing audience pathologically obsessed with superheroes responded to these movies with a world-wide gasp of shock and disappointment. It was as if they imagined that if they just tried hard enough, they could will different, better versions of Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn Of Justice and Suicide Squad into existence, and then they wouldn’t have to feel silly about being so emotionally invested in the box office and critical consensus of movies about weirdos in crazy costumes.One segment of the public began weeping uncontrollably while screeching, “No! A silly superhero/super-villain team-up movie I was looking forward to wasn’t as good as I thought it could/should/would be! We can’t let such an abomination stand. We demand justice! We demand revenge!” Another antithetical yet curiously similar group, meanwhile, hollered, “No! A silly superhero/super-villain team up movie isn’t being treated by critics with the hushed reverence it’s due! That’s not fair! We demand justice! We demand revenge!”Yes, the strange, overheated overreaction to Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn Of Justice and Suicide Squad’s negative reviews is silly and ridiculous. But unlike the 1966 film version of Batman, it’s not silly and ridiculous in a fun, self-aware, campy fashion. No, the hallmark of these online complainers is that they take themselves way too seriously, whereas the defining feature of Adam West’s 1960s Batman is that it does not take itself seriously at all.In its 1960s incarnation, Batman never stopped winking at audiences to let them know that it was&nbsp;in on the joke. The show and its spin-off movie reveled in artificiality. They set out to make a live-action superhero extravaganza that was more cartoonish than actual cartoons and more of a comic book than actual comic books.The 1960s Batman was as much a parody of its source material as a straight adaptation.Like the recent film versions of 21 Jump Street, the 1960s Batman was as much a parody of its source material as a straight adaptation. Unlike the Batman reboots that followed, the show and movies did not aim for realism or grit. The show didn’t just acknowledge the absurdity of a rich middle-aged man dressing up in a silly costume to fight evildoers in equally silly costumes, it ratcheted up that absurdity to delirious satirical levels.I suspect the makers of the 1966 Batman film would have found the notion that subsequent filmmakers would treat the character as a tormented figure of infinite darkness who inhabits a gloomy world full of moral ambiguity both preposterous and a huge joke. As played by Adam West in the role that made him a trash-culture icon, Batman is less the living personification of the psychological costs of vengeance and humanity’s dark side than a clean-cut, wholesome do-gooder beloved by everybody other than the cartoonish criminals.The 1966 Batman pits West’s Bruce Wayne/Batman and Burt Ward’s Dick Grayson/Robin against a felonious foursome of the TV show’s most popular and prolific villains. There’s Catwoman (Lee Meriwether, who is great but will never be able to compete with Eartha Kitt’s even greater interpretation of the role), a conniving super-villain who attempts to seduce Bruce Wayne in her alter-ego as a beautiful Russian. Batman may be the world’s greatest detective, but he’s somehow not sharp enough to figure out that his new Russian crush bears a distinct resemblance to one of his greatest (and certainly sexiest) foes.Then there’s the gloriously redundant twosome of the Joker (Cesar Romero) and the Riddler (Frank Gorshin). True, jokes and riddles are different, but by including both of these gentlemen in the same story, it becomes clear that the show returned to the “mirthful supervillain” well at least once too often.&nbsp;The film clumsily and amusingly acknowledges this weird redundancy by having characters state repeatedly that Batman and Robin must wrestle with crazy hybrids like “a riddle in the form of a joke” as well as “joking riddles.” Finally, we have Burgess Meredith as the Penguin, who is old, short, and weak but smart enough to rent a submarine — where part of the film takes place — under the clever pseudonym P.N. Guin.This not-so-fabulous foursome has joined forces to steal a miraculous invention able to “dehydrate” and then “re-hydrate” human beings. They plan to blackmail the nations of the world with this ridiculous contraption, which is really nothing more than a MacGuffin. But four villains means four times the frenzied over-acting. The Riddler, Penguin, and Joker all have a tendency to shout their comic book banter while mugging deliriously in ways that make them seem more hyper&nbsp;than scary. The four “super” villains here don’t seem capable of hurting Batman’s feelings, let alone cause him physical harm.&nbsp;By contrast, Nolan’s Batman films had terrifying villains: Scarecrow, the Joker, and Bane all seemed capable of killing Batman.The four “super” villains here don’t seem capable of hurting Batman’s feelings, let alone cause him physical harm.On television, Batman defined camp better than anyone this side of Susan Sontag. That extends to this&nbsp;faithful adaptation, but in addition to the film’s refreshing acknowledgment of its inherent ridiculousness, there are some sharp, memorable gags that score big laughs.&nbsp;Early in the film, for example, Batman and Robin are out in their Bat-Copter when Batman rappels down via rope ladder and spends what feels like a solid fifteen minutes engaged in a one-sided boxing match with a rubber shark so hilariously phony it suggests that “punching the shark” should join “jumping the shark” as a pop-culture cliche.&nbsp;One&nbsp;of the film’s other signature set-pieces finds Batman/Bruce Wayne desperate to get rid of a wonderfully fake-looking bomb but unable to find a place to toss it where it won’t cause major harm. An overwhelmed Batman then issues one of the film’s signature pieces of dialogue: “Some days you just can’t get rid of a bomb!”Batman is also full of inspired running jokes, and one of my favorites is its obsession with sticking a “Bat” into the name of everything, even if it just makes things confusing. When preparing to battle the aforementioned pesky shark, for example, Batman makes sure to specifically request “shark-repellent bat-spray” from Robin. This is, of course,&nbsp;a shark repellent spray used by the Batman, but it’s confusingly worded enough that it sounds like it might be a shark repellent that also repels bats, or possibly Batman, or Batmen in general. Regardless, it’s all very silly.In another standout scene that similarly belongs in an old Looney Tunes cartoon, Batman and Robin are scaling a wall — something they did all the time in the TV show, which frequently felt&nbsp;incredibly, deliberately fake — and Robin expresses shock and horror that some ne’er-do-wells drink so excessively they see things that aren’t there. Batman explains that they’re in a tough neighborhood full of “rumpots” and, as if on cue, one such rumpot pokes his head out his window just long enough to see what he naturally assumes is an alcohol-induced hallucination of a pair of men in outrageous tights scaling his&nbsp;building.Batman is a product of the go-go mid-1960s. It’s got an unmistakable groovy bachelor pad vibe. West’s Batman is the only one who seems to prefer the millionaire bachelor side of his persona to the one who dresses up like an angel of vengeance to beat up bad guys. Christian Bale acted as if Bruce Wayne was in physical pain every time he was in a tuxedo at a fancy party, but West’s Batman seems like he could probably let go of the whole “crime fighting” thing without much concern. There are no stakes here, no real danger, just a bunch of silly heroes in Halloween costumes battling equally silly villains in Halloween costumes.West’s Batman is the only one who seems to prefer the millionaire bachelor side of his persona to the one who dresses up like an angel of vengeance.When Batman squares off against the film’s quartet of All-Star Super-Villains in an amusingly amateurish battle royale late in the film, it becomes apparent just how hilariously unthreatening his foes really are. The Joker, Riddler and Penguin all come off as frail men in their fifties who would probably lose a physical altercation with a toddler. They’re almost impressively unimpressive in their old, sad, weak physicality.In an attempt to make it more of a fair fight, Catwoman tosses a cat to Batman, who then must physically battle his geriatric foes without dropping the cat. It’s&nbsp;a brilliant sight gag, and it’s also far more impressive than anything in Christopher Nolan’s Batman movies. Let’s see Christian Bale’s Batman spend five fighting minutes fighting Bane without dropping an enormous tabby.I loved the Batman TV show as a kid, and I responded just as strongly to it as an adult. That’s because the show operates on multiple levels. The black and white morality, goofy banter, crazy sound effects rendered both visually and sonically, outsized villains, and cool gadgets all appeal to kids and emotionally stunted adults. But the film’s winking, ironic tone, self-reflectiveness, meta elements, and breezy, campy humor make it just as appealing to grown-ups.While there’s no reason a trifle like this needs to be any longer than 85 minutes (it could stand&nbsp;to trim 20 minutes or so), Batman&nbsp;holds up surprisingly well as an entertaining, hilarious lark. It’s also a much different film than the Batman movies that would follow.&nbsp;True, Joel Schumacher tried to channel some of the show’s campy spirit with Batman Forever and Batman &amp; Robin,&nbsp;but there’s a difference between being in on the joke, as West’s Batman clearly is, and being the joke itself, like Batman &amp; Robin. The 1960s Batman was a smart, hip show playing at being silly and dumb, but Schumacher’s films are genuinely stupid.Obviously, no one wants a return to the Schumacher era of Batman, but I think the gloomy Guses behind the new DC Universe films would be smart to take another look at this particular incarnation. There are elements of it DC might want to consider employing in subsequent films involving Bruce Wayne and his costumed alter-ego, such as being “fun” and “enjoyable” rather than a dreary, mournful slog.Original Certification:&nbsp;N/ATomatometer:&nbsp;80 percentRe-Certification:&nbsp;FreshNathan Rabin if a freelance writer, columnist, the first head writer of The A.V. Club&nbsp;and the author of four books, most recently Weird Al: The Book (with “Weird Al” Yankovic) and You Don’t Know Me But You Don’t Like Me.Follow Nathan on Twitter: @NathanRabin","section":"Sub-Cult","tags":"Ellie, game-of-thrones, casting, 99%, history, disaster, Larson, cancelled, Film, Oscars","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/16180705/Batman66.jpg","slug":"batman-66-some-days-you-just-cant-get-rid-of-a-bomb"},{"id":"47509065872619","title":"Vampires Marcel, Stefan and Damon on the Red Carpet","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Vampires Marcel, Stefan and Damon on the Red CarpetIan Somerhalder, Charles Michael Davis and Paul Wesley at PaleyFest 2014by RT Staff | March 26, 2014 |  CommentsCast members of the CW’s Vampire Diaries and The Originals hit the red carpet of PaleyFest 2014 on Saturday night.Rotten Tomatoes’ Dan Deevy chatted Paul Wesley (Stefan, Vampire Diaries), Ian Somerhalder (Damon, Vampire Diaries), Charles Michael Davis (Marcel, The Originals) and Michael Narducci (producer, The Originals).See what they said about their shows, and how vampires are the perfect mythology for exploring relationships.&nbsp;Also, be sure to read “The Vampire Diaries: 8 Questions Answered at PaleyFest” and “The Originals: 10 Highlights from PaleyFest 2014.”Check out photos from PaleyFest 2014 for Vampire Diaries and Originals here.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Action, game-of-thrones, IFC, scene, Pop, deadpool, e., Ellie, Spectrum, Red, LGBT, slashers, visit, NYCC","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"vampires-marcel-stefan-and-damon-on-the-red-carpet"},{"id":"47614922310888","title":"TV Composers Quiz: How Well Do You Know These Melody Makers?","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})TV Composers Quiz: How Well Do You Know These Melody Makers?Test your knowledge of the talent behind iconic tunes on Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead, The Simpsons, and more.by L.A. Ross | April 6, 2017 |  CommentsIf someone asked you to name a TV composer, who would you guess? Maybe Danny Elfman, writer of the iconic Simpsons theme. But did you know Elfman also composed the theme for Desperate Housewives – and won an Emmy for it too?We’ve put together a little quiz to test your knowledge of the people who keep your ears entertained while you watch your favorite shows.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Character, drama, werewolf, watch","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"tv-composers-quiz"},{"id":"47615024485651","title":"Calvary‘s Brendan Gleeson: The RT Interview","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Calvary's Brendan Gleeson: The RT Interviewby Tim Ryan | August 11, 2014 |  CommentsBrendon Gleeson is the kind of actor who can add gravitas to virtually any role. The Irish actor is probably best known to multiplex audiences for his performance as Professor Alastor “MadEye” Moody in the Harry Potter films; for indie types, he’s fondly remembered for his work in black comedies like In Bruges and The Guard. This summer, Gleeson can be seen in the Tom Cruise sci-fi adventure Edge of Tomorrow, and Calvary, his latest collaboration with writer/director John Michael McDonagh, in which he plays a small town priest who tries to keep his faith in the midst of a decadent, sinister community.Gleeson talked to RT about the dark power — and moments of levity — in Calvary, as well as his philosophy on taking parts in more mainstream films, and his role in the forthcoming Ron Howard film Heart of the Sea, based on the remarkable true story of a whaleship crew stranded in the Pacific Ocean after a whale attacked their ship.Rotten Tomatoes: It’s interesting to see a film like Calvary that features a priest who isn’t performing exorcisms or something like that.Brendan Gleeson: I think it’s a very unusual character in the sense that he’s not an anti-hero — he’s actually a hero, which is unusual today. But he’s a hero and a very complicated and flawed one. So he’s also a lot to answer for in terms of his cloth, and there’s no attempts to hide the damage that has been done by people of his church, and he’s expected to respond to it. I think we’ve grown used to anti-heroes and it’s unusual now to get a fairly involved examination of somebody who’s a good man.RT: In your previous film with John Michael McDonagh, The Guard, you play a character who’s an authority figure, but he doesn’t really seem to take his authority all that seriously. In Calvary, you play a character whose authority has eroded in recent times, but he takes his mission very seriously by comparison.Absolutely, yeah. [The Guard character] Gerry Boyle is a very lonely man and he has erected walls around himself, I think. You have to dig very deep before you find, you know, the goodness in him, which is undeniably there. I think the difference between the two of them [is that] Gerry Boyle has kind of more or less thrown in the towel, but I think he’s always waiting for the challenge that will allow him to rediscover that figure of authority and that kind of hero within himself. I think he welcomes it when it happens near the end. Whereas Father James starts out opening up to [a] kind of attack and more or less committing to seeing it through.RT: Many of the Irish films that play in America stateside tend to focus on quirky characters in light comedies. These two films you’ve made with John Michael McDonagh have been slightly bleaker, though there’s a dark strain of humor in both of them. Do you feel like you have to sort of show a fuller range of what Ireland is like?I’m not doing the evangelistic thing of the Irish sensibility or anything, it’s nothing like that. I think this deals with more universal issues. I don’t think disillusionment is kind of confined to the Irish. I think people are generally out of sync now with the authority figures. They don’t trust them. They feel betrayed by them. And I think that’s an almost universal experience. It possibly takes different forms in [the United States]. If you look at the people who vote, for example, there aren’t that many of them considering how many should be voting. So people are feeling detached and disillusioned from their leaders all across, certainly, Western culture. And then in the religious area, I think we’ve had those scandals in Boston and various places here too. I think the difference is possibly that church and state are separate here. The religious trauma is seen as separate to the state problem, the political problem, it seems it’s a different area, where in Ireland the two are intermingled to such an extent that one became undetachable from the other. But I do think the film is about things that are more than just the Irish situation. I think people feel let down by financers, by politicians, by priests, by all of the moral authority that is supposed to allow for the aspiration of the people to be focused and to be directed. People are discovering now a feeling of, “Can you trust anybody at the moment?” The fear is a distrust of that kind of moral authority. I think part of what the film says also is that if you take away that aspirational thing, and you relegate forgiveness and compassion and those kind of things, and a relevance for some sort of loser to engage in, or if your life seems kind of pretty barren and you become detached and ill at ease with yourself. So it’s kind of about, well OK, if you’re going to deject one form of authority, what are you going to substitute for it? How do you maintain your own aspirational optimism in the human condition? That’s what I think it comes down to.RT: You’ve said that playing Father James took a lot out of you. You’ve also had smaller parts in larger films likeEdge of tomorrow. Is that sort of project like a holiday for you, or are you still trying to find the heart of your character?Edge of Tomorrow, I actually really liked that film. My general rule of thumb over the last 20, 25 years is If given the opportunity, if I look over a year, I want [to be in one movie] that has undeniable artistic and creative heft, you know what I mean? Otherwise I feel I’m wasting my time. Once I have that either in the bag or I’m scheduled to fit something in that’s more challenging in that way — like this film for example or The Guard or In Bruges or The General or any of those things — when I feel I’ve been artistically challenged once in a year I kind of feel that, OK, I don’t want to miss the possibilities of what pure entertainment can do. I would never try to do rubbish or stuff that was insulting intellectually. I love the notion of being the general at the world against the aliens. I mean, why wouldn’t you like that? It’s Doug Liman, I’ve liked his films already. I think it’s a really smart movie, actually and I was so pleased the way it turned out in the end. I wasn’t quite prepared for how good it was going to be. So yeah, I try to balance it in the sense that, it’s a good thing to go and entertain people, and I think it’s a good thing as well if you’re going to do deeper film that you’re talking to people so you maintain that degree of entertainment within what you’re trying to do even in the more artistically deep films that you’re making. No point in talking to an empty seat. You take care to entertain at all times and then other times you have a chance to explore something a little deeper than others.RT:You look at the description of something like Cavalry and it looks really grim, but you’ve said you wanted people to engage with it with an open mind.I was hoping that there wouldn’t be a kind of campaign that would throw out as a black comedy as such, you know, because I think people really don’t forgive you for being, to label a film as something that it isn’t. I think the film stands on its own, it’s difficult to actually stick it into one particular genre. I think it’s a very serious film, but I think it’s hugely, massively entertaining as well. There have been very few people who have not connected with this. Some people are left cold by it, that’s all fine. But the vast majority of people who have gone in have engaged with it. And they don’t really talk for like the ten or fifteen minutes afterwards. I think that’s a massive achievement. It means that you have captured their imaginations and brought them into a journey that wasn’t easy, but they were given every chance to, you know, to be allowed to breathe during it, not to be detached from the film, to be, you know, part of the movement of the film. You work kind of hard at that. You don’t want to just throw stuff at people and expect them to man up and just take it. You’ve got to take responsibility for the entertainment element of things and to keep people interested and to work the dynamic of the film so that people, you know, stay in there until the end.RT: You taught a Catholic school for a while. Did you find it to be similar to someone like Father James in the sense that people would sort of come to you with their issues, and you ended up doing some things other than your basic job?Yeah, for sure. There’s a vocational aspect to it. And if you don’t actually like the kids? I went back a year or two afterwards and a guy said that some of the people forget that you have to actually like the kids to be in this job, you know. There’s a kind of vocational aspect to certain jobs — teaching’s one of them, nursing would be another — you can keep going on down the line. And it has to do with more than just the physical. You have to commit to the humanity that’s going to be [prepared] for this sort of element and to be available a little bit. It’s hard when people tend to only look at the bottom line when evaluating status. If you weren’t getting paid a fortune, you weren’t considered to have done much with your life. I think people really kind of missed out on a lot in valuing what good teachers can achieve. I had one phenomenal teacher in primary school who changed my life, really. I wouldn’t be doing this without him, I don’t think. I didn’t always get on in school, like in terms of, I was quite rebellious in my teens and I hated it and did all the usual stuff. And that guy still stuck with me. I think people can change other people’s lives and make differences. So yeah, I did actually like those kids, and I got a lot out of it. I hope I kind of served them as well as I could.RT: You’re one of the stars of Heart of the Sea, which is based on an amazing story. What attracted you to it?It was working with Ron Howard, basically. I play the cabin boy who was on the Essex, and he actually did write a version of it [the story]. The scenario is he was speaking with Herman Melville, who obviously was inspired by that story to write Moby Dick, and Melville is attempting to extract this story from him and my guy is sort of reluctant to part with it because there’s a certain amount of post-traumatic stuff that he’s never quite recovered from. So it was quite an intense time. I mean, I only spent about six days doing it, but there’s been a lot of contact since, because of the voiceover. We see the story from his eyes. It became quite intense, to be honest. I worked with Ben Whishaw, who’s playing Melville. We didn’t have to get our feet wet, but we certainly went into pretty heavy stuff at times. It’s going to be fantastic.RT: Are you afraid of taking on all these really intense roles?It does take its toll a little bit, so you have to be prepared for it. To be honest with you, in the last two years I’ve been kinda getting to the point where I’m going to choose my, I’m going to give myself more recovery period than I’ve been doing, because sometimes you can beat yourself up a little bit too much and think that you have a bottomless well. I want to just take a little bit of recovery time more than I used to.Check out our previous interview with Gleeson here, and take a look at his complete filmography on Rotten Tomatoes. Calvary is currently in theaters in limited release.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"dramedy, motion, Television","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"calvarys-brendan-gleeson-the-rt-interview"},{"id":"47613623472791","title":"Lindsay Lohan is … Speechless!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Lindsay Lohan is ... Speechless!by Scott Weinberg | April 28, 2006 |  CommentsLindsay Lohan and Adrien Brody have signed on to star in an indie rom-com called \"Speechless,\" which I can only assume is NOT a remake of the deservingly forgotten 1994 rom-com starring Michael Keaton and Geena Davis. \"Saved!\" creator Brian Dannelly is writing and directing.According to Variety, \"Project, previously known as \"The Guided Man,\" is a modern Cyrano de Bergerac story about an introverted man (Brody) who is invited to give a speech at his childhood friend’s wedding and turns to a service that allows someone — played by Lohan — to speak through him.\"Production on \"Speechless\" will get underway later this year.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"York, dceu, ABC, Binge, dragons, Ghostbusters, Larson, Mystery, stop, movies, action","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"lindsay-lohan-is-speechless"},{"id":"47508668084913","title":"6 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This December","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})6 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This DecemberThe Crown, Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., and Guillermo Del Toro's animated Trollhunters are among the month's top binge TV offerings. Plus, catch up with Shawn Spencer and Gus Guster before Psych: The Movie.by Benjamin Lindsay | December 3, 2017 |  CommentsChristmas comes early this month for fans of Marvel, Guillermo del Toro, and USA’s Psych with their long-awaited returns to the small screen — and that’s not to mention The Librarians and two season 2 installments of some of our favorite Netflix series. Catch the full breakdown with December’s binge guide below.Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  95%&nbsp;(ABC)(Photo by ABC/Matthias Clamer)What it is: S.H.I.E.L.D. is the kind of agency you want in your corner of the ring. Led by fan-favorite Phil Coulson (Clark Gregg, who caused uproar upon his character’s death in 2012’s The Avengers), Marvel Comics’ fictional Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division fights the behind-the-scenes battles that the average human wouldn’t dare face (see: Project Centipede and more). It’s wild, it’s crazy, and it’s a heck of a fun time for Marvel superfans.Why you should watch it: While at first a series that was at its best when calling back to the movies that put the Marvel Cinematic Universe on the map (it maintains continuity with these releases, as well), ABC’s Emmy-nominated hit entered its fifth season with a two-hour December 1 premiere as entirely its own entity. Sure, it’s part of the same world, maintains the franchise call-backs, and tonally checks all the boxes of what we look for in a Marvel romp, but you don’t have to be a die-hard lover of Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and co. to fall for S.H.I.E.L.D.’s knack for extraterrestrial adventure and now-beloved ensemble of characters built over its nearly 100 episodes and counting. The cast also includes&nbsp;Ming-Na Wen, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestaecker, and Elizabeth Henstridge.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW, Google Play, Hulu, Microsoft, Netflix, VuduCommitment: Approx. 66 hoursEasy  90%&nbsp;(Netflix)(Photo by Netflix)What it is: With Netflix’s&nbsp;romantic comedy series, the second season of which premiered in full December 1, it’s all in the name. That’s because there’s nothing, well, easy about modern love. Easy season 1 follows eight couples living and loving in Chicago.Why you should watch it: The best of television is often character-driven, and Easy gives you plenty of characters to work with. While this Windy City-set series focuses on people and relationships that occasionally overlap, each episode largely stands on its own as a singular meditation on a given couple’s romantic dynamic and exploration of intimacy. No two are the same. And with “Drinking Buddies” writer-director Joe Swanberg at the helm, the whole thing goes down easy. While some have soured to the quiet naturalism overtaking many an indie screen big and small, few filmmakers can seduce with negative space like Swanberg. Plus, it’s just a hoot to see some of our favorite talents (from Judy Greer to Aubrey Plaza to Dave Franco to Orlando Bloom) pop in for a quick half-hour installment.Where to watch it: NetflixCommitment: Approx. 4 hoursPsych  89%&nbsp;(USA)(Photo by USA Network)What it is: As if you haven’t wondered by Shawn Spencer (James Roday) and Gus Guster (Dulé Hill) have been up to for the last three years? Psych: The Movie reunites the oddball detective duo in San Francisco (a.k.a. “psychphrancisco”) for the holidays after an unknown assailant targets one of their own. Of course, you can expect the shenanigans typical of this pairing to ensue.Why you should watch it: No, Shawn is not a real psychic, but he’ll have you rooting for him anyway. The original USA series, which premiered back in 2006 and wrapped in 2014, followed Shawn as he utilized his impressive observational skills and memory as a Santa Barbara–based crime consultant to trick people into thinking he’s the real deal. But the series succeeds because it does just the opposite: It never tries to be something it’s not. Putting affable goofiness to the forefront is what earned Psych it’s devoted “Psych-O” fan base and is what ensures the laughs are going to be hearty with the December 7 film premiere. Catch up now so you can spot all the Easter eggs and call-back guest stars!Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW, Google Play, Microsoft, VuduCommitment: Approx. 90 hoursThe Crown  90%&nbsp;(Netflix)(Photo by Netflix)What it is: While The Crown as a whole will ultimately chart Queen Elizabeth II’s life from her 1947 wedding to Philip, Duke of Edinburgh through to the present day, season 1 of this sprawling royal drama covers the first eight years of that period of the early days of her reign. Golden Globe winner Claire Foy stars as the titular queen while a robust John Lithgow supports as her first prime minister, Winston Churchill.Why you should watch it: As one of the most decorated series of the 2016–17 season, The Crown should be mandatory viewing for anyone with not just an interest in world history and the British monarchy, but an interest in first-rate prestige TV. Exquisitely acted, written, directed, and designed, The Crown marked upon its premiere Netflix’s most expensive series to date — and it proves well worth the investment. We can wait to see what’s realized in season 2, which premieres December 8.Where to watch it: NetflixCommitment: Approx. 10 hoursThe Librarians  89%&nbsp;(TNT)(Photo by Scott Patrick Green/Turner Broadcasting System)&nbsp;What it is: Based on TNT’s trilogy of TV movies from the early-to-mid aughts, The Librarians takes the world created onscreen with star Noah Wyle and brings us deeper into his ancient organization, The Library, and the artifacts he protects. Plus, it adds four new characters who work for The Library, as well. Just like those films, it’s a fine blend of a silliness, magic, and action-adventure.Why you should watch it: With its world history, slapstick comedy, and Indiana Jones by way of The Goonies&nbsp;style, adventure runs high in this long-running TNT series, which makes it a particularly fun escapist highlight this month. Season 4 premieres December 13.Where to watch it: Amazon, Google Play, Hulu, Microsoft, VuduCommitment: Approx. 22.5 hoursTrollhunters &nbsp;(NETFLIX)(Photo by Netflix)What it is: In Dreamworks and Guillermo del Toro’s animated series for Netflix, Jim Lake Jr. (voiced by the late Anton Yelchin) is given his sword-in-the-stone moment and, upon finding a mystical amulet, becomes the Trollhunter. With that title comes the responsibility of protecting the troll civilization that lives under his town from impending war with their evil counterparts from the Darklands.Why you should watch it: If The Shape of Water isn’t enough del Toro for you this holiday season, then Trollhunters should do the trick. It captures the filmmaker’s unmatched finesse with magic and otherworldly beasts and through first-rate animation infuses it with a childlike wonder and family-friendly appeal. Season 2 features the voice talents of Yelchin (who finished his work on the series’ second installment), Mark Hamill, Lena Headey, David Bradley, Kelsey Grammer, Steven Yeun, Anjelica Huston, Jonathan Hyde, Amy Landecker, and Charlie Saxton. Catch it in full December 15.Where to watch it: NetflixCommitment: Approx. 9.5 hours","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"deadpool, boxing, 2020, on, TV+, female, dc, globe, zombie, GLAAD, Book, Television, Sabrina","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/03145358/RT_BingeGuides_December_600X314.jpg","slug":"6-tv-shows-you-should-binge-watch-this-december"},{"id":"47612904968536","title":"On DVD This Week: Walking Dead S5, Big Game, Citizenfour, And More","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})On DVD This Week: Walking Dead S5, Big Game, Citizenfour, And Moreby RT Staff | August 24, 2015 |  CommentsThis week on home video, we’ve got an Oscar-winning documentary, a star-studded romantic dramedy, an Oscar-nominated Criterion drama, a couple of cult classics, an oddball action flick, and a couple more. Read on for details:The Walking Dead: Season 5 (2014)  90%Thoughtful and gory in equal measure, AMC’s wildly popular action drama follows the lives of a handful of survivors in a post-apocalyptic world overrun by zombies. You can catch up on the fifth season in time for the&nbsp;season six&nbsp;premiere on October 11.Get it HereCitizenfour (2014)  96%This Academy Award-winning documentary chronicles NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden’s life in exile.Get it HereTwo Days, One Night (2014)  97%Marion Cotillard stars in the Dardenne brothers’ Certified Fresh, Oscar-nominated drama about a woman who tries to return to work after suffering a nervous breakdown.Get it HereAloha (2015)  20%In Cameron Crowe’s latest, Bradley Cooper stars as a pilot who travels to Hawaii to work for a private space firm, where he falls for fellow pilot Allison (Emma Stone) and reconnects with his ex Tracy (Rachel McAdams).Get it HereBig Game (2015)  78%Samuel L. Jackson and Ray Stevenson star in an action adventure about a teenager who helps to save the president of the United States after Air Force One is shot down.Get it HereIris (2015)  98%This Certified Fresh documentary portrait of fashion maven Iris Apfel was the final film from legendary documentarian Albert Maysles.Get it HereSkin Trade (2015)  25%Dolph Lundgren and Tony Jaa star an action thriller about two guys on the trail of the head of a human trafficking cartel.Get it HereThe Last Dragon (1985)  58%(In Blu-ray) Motown meets martial arts in this tale of a budding karate master in love with a DJ who happens to be a gangster’s girlfriend.Get it HereVampire Hunter D (1985)  78%This anime cult classic — about a young girl who goes to battle against a wide variety of bizarre creatures — is sci-fi/fantasy of a decidedly gothic stripe.Get it Here","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Fall, Adventures, FXX, Day, Mirror, History, Superheroes","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"on-dvd-this-week-walking-dead-s5-big-game-citizenfour-and-more"},{"id":"47509028494254","title":"Video: The Surprise Gift in American Pastoral","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Surprise Gift in American Pastoralby Grae Drake | October 27, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Jennifer Connelly, Dakota Fanning, and Ewan McGregor (who also is making his directorial debut) from&nbsp;American Pastoral&nbsp;about how our perceptions of others are pretty much all wrong, what from the film will haunt you, the amazing makeup the actors had to wear — and how it was&nbsp;a gift, in an unexpected way.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Peacock, Apple, story, Guide, australia, league, boxoffice","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/27113513/Ewan-McGregor-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-the-surprise-gift-in-american-pastoral"},{"id":"47509030139837","title":"Video: Kelsey Grammer Reveals His Arch-Nemesis","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Kelsey Grammer Reveals His Arch-Nemesisby Grae Drake | September 23, 2016 |  CommentsRT’s Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Kelsey Grammer, Andy Samberg, and Katie Crown from&nbsp;Storks,&nbsp;as well as directors Doug Sweetland and Nicholas Stoller, and producer Brad Lewis, about their wide variety of arch-enemies. Then, Kelsey Grammer treated us to a sample of his magical word-stretching abilities. Check it ooooooout!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Video, Heroines, Kaling, drama, directors, laika, theme, Sundance, Fall, Arts, Fox, 2021, Walking","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/23113216/Kelsey-Grammer-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-kelsey-grammer-reveals-his-arch-nemesis"},{"id":"47509060074691","title":"Video: Jack Black Reads from Goosebumps at Comic-Con","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jack Black Reads from Goosebumps at Comic-Conby RT Staff | July 24, 2014 |  CommentsStraight from RT’s Comics Command Center in San Diego, Jack Black chats with Grae Drake about the upcoming movie, based on R.L. Stine’s horror fiction series. Oh, and then he actually reads a passage from Goosebumps as fantastically as we all would expect him to.#related_links{display:none}#related_articles{display:none}.ReltdLinks .epis-more{font-size:12px;border-top:1px solid #e6cf85;margin:20px 0 0 0;padding:20px 0 0 0;color:#333;float:left}.ReltdLinks .epis-more h3{width:100%}.ReltdLinks .epis-more a{color:#285cab;text-decoration:none}.ReltdLinks .toccc{float:left;width:665px;border-top:1px solid #dadada;margin:20px 0;padding:5px 0 10px 0}.ReltdLinks ul{margin:0;padding:0;list-style:none}.ReltdLinks ul li{display:inline;float:left;width:115px;text-align:center;margin:8px}.ReltdLinks ul li img{border:0}More #RTCCDaniel RadcliffeThe Horns star visits RT Cosplay GalleryThe best costumes from the ConBook of LifeInterviews with the castExpendables InterviewThe cast plays “Find the Tomato”Legends InterviewsThe cast and writer talk TVCheck out RT’s complete SDCC coverage","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"discovery, 2017, halloween, romantic, die, The, Channel, crossover, Channel, Musicals, Logo","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Jack-Black-interview.jpg","slug":"video-jack-black-reads-from-goosebumps-at-comic-con"},{"id":"47509222174414","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Buffy Moves Ahead Without Joss","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Buffy Moves Ahead Without JossPlus, Lindsay Lohan dropped from Linda Lovelace biopicby Greg Dean Schmitz | November 24, 2010 |  CommentsWith Thanksgiving coming tomorrow, this week effectively ends on a Wednesday in Hollywood, and so you get the Ketchup two days early. Included in the mix is news for the reboots of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and The Lone Ranger, the Linda Lovelace and Roberto Duran biopics and new movies for Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg.THIS WEEK’S TOP STORYTHE BUFFY REBOOT MOVES AHEAD WITHOUT JOSS WHEDONIn May, 2009, the news broke that the other producers (Fran and Kaz Kazui) of Buffy the Vampire Slayer were hoping to reboot the concept without Joss Whedon. This week, that concept got closer to happening with the news that Warner Bros and Atlas Entertainment (Get Smart, Scooby Doo) have put the Buffy the Vampire Slayer reboot into development at the studio, optioning the rights from the Kazuis. Newcomer screenwriter Whit Anderson will be writing the script, based on an idea that she approached the producers with. Although most of the details of the reboot aren’t yet known, an insider was quoted as saying, “this is not your high school Buffy.” One way to interpret that is that the new Buffy will not be a high school student, or the comment could just be targeted at people who were in high school at the time. As for Joss Whedon, the man behind the popular TV series responded with a statement that ends with a joke that he will be rebooting Warner Bros’ Batman franchise with a project called The Dark Knight Rises Way Earlier Than That Other One And Also More Cheaply And In Toronto.FRESH DEVELOPMENTS THIS WEEK#1 DISNEY’S THE LONE RANGER TO BE A PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN REUNION PROJECTAfter reports of his possible involvement two months ago, Disney has confirmed that Gore Verbinski will be directing the studio’s reboot of The Lone Ranger. Although Verbanksi has also directed other movies like The Ring and The Mexican, the director is best known for his work on the first three Pirates of the Caribbean movies for Disney. Verbanski’s next movie will be the 2011 CGI animated comedy Rango, starring Johnny Depp as the voice of a chamelon lizard in an adventure inspired by classic westerns (not unlike… The Lone Ranger). Although the lead role has not yet been cast yet, Johnny Depp is still attached (and has been for a while) to costar as Tonto, the Ranger’s Native American sidekick. The Lone Ranger will be the fifth movie that Johnny Depp and Gore Verbinski have done together, though that is still less than Depp has done with Tim Burton (seven to date, Dark Shadows will be #8). The Lone Ranger is, of course, the classic masked cowboy who first appeared in a radio series debuting in 1933 and has also appeared on television and in movies. Screenwriter Justin Haythe (Revolutionary Road, The Clearing) adapted the screenplay.#2 LEONARDO DICAPRIO’S TRIBUTE TO THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ASSASSINATION OF JFKWarner Bros and Leonardo DiCaprio’s Appian Way production company are teaming up to adapt the non-fiction JFK assassination book Legacy of Secrecy in time for the 50th anniversary of the assassination of JFK in November, 2013. Warner Bros was also the studio behind Oliver Stone’s JFK, the director’s 1991 movie about the assassination conspiracy theories. DiCaprio’s father, George DiCaprio, who brought the book to Leonardo’s attention, will also be one of the producers. Legacy of Secrecy was written by Lamar Waldron and Thom Hartmann, who is most famous for his day job as a progressive talk radio host. Leonardo DiCaprio will star as FBI informant Jack Van Laningham, who reportedly obtained the confession of Louisiana mafia boss Carlos Marcello for having ordered JFK’s assassination.#3 MARK WAHLBERG WILL BE STARRING IN UNCHARTED: DRAKE’S FORTUNE BUT NOT IN THE CROWMark Wahlberg has confirmed to MTV that he will be starring in the video game adaptation of Uncharted: Drake’s Fortune. This will be Wahlberg’s second video game movie after Max Payne, and his fourth film with director David O. Russell, after Three Kings, I Heart Huckabees and The Fighter. The Uncharted movie is probably still a while from happening, as Russell is still working on the script, but Wahlberg is already talking about his possible costars. If talks go through Robert de Niro would be playing Nathan Drake’s father, and Joe Pesci would play his uncle. A movie that Mark Wahlberg won’t be starring in (despite recent Internet rumors) is the reboot of The Crow. Wahlberg had reportedly been talking to a director that he’s a “fan” of (which is probably Stephen Norrington, director of Blade), but with that director no longer involved with The Crow, that also ends Wahlberg’s possible involvement.#4 GAEL GARCIA BERNAL WILL HAVE HANDS OF STONE AS ROBERTO DURANMexican actor Gael Garcia Bernal (Amores Perros, The Motorcycle Diaries) is attached to star in Hands of Stone, a biopic about Panamanian lightweight boxer Roberto Duran. Al Pacino is also considering the role of Duran’s trainer Ray Arcel. In addition to being a Roberto Duran biopic, Hands of Stone will in particular focus on the rivalry between Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard and the famous November, 1980 rematch in which Duran quit the fight, reportedly saying “No Mas” (no more). Hands of Stone will be produced, written and directed by Venezuelan filmmaker Jonathan Jakubowicz (2005’s Secuestro Express).#5 MALIN AKERMAN REPLACES LINDSAY LOHAN AS LINDA LOVELACEInferno, the biopic about porn star Linda Lovelace (Deep Throat) was first announced as the “comeback” movie for Lindsay Lohan, after her recent legal and alcoholism problems. Instead, Lohan has been dropped from the project and replaced by Watchmen costar Malin Akerman. Inferno: A Linda Lovelace Story is an independent production that will be directed by Matthew Wilder (2008’s Your Name Here). Production is scheduled to start in Los Angeles in February, 2011.#6 DISTRICT 9 DIRECTOR TEASES US WITH A MYSTERIOUS IPAD VIDEOThe iPad version of the latest issue of Wired magazine includes a mysterious new 1-minute video from director Neil Blomkamp (District 9), which seems to be a teaser for a new movie from the director. In the video, two young guys pull over on the side of a road and find what looks like the corpse of a small monstrous alien. It’s unknown what project this video is teasing, but possibilities include a science fiction script called Elysium (although that was supposed to take place on another planet) and the expected sequel District 10 (although Blomkamp has said District 10 won’t be his next movie).#7 FROM THE DEATHLY HALLOWS TO PETER PANOne of the most memorable segments of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 is the animated sequence in which Hermione tells the story of the three Peverell brothers and the Deathly Hallows. That portion of the movie was directed by Swiss director Ben Hibon, and now Hibon is benefitting from the exposure with two new movie projects. First up, there is Pan, a dark reimagining of J.M. Barrie’s Peter Pan, in which “Captain Hook as a haunted former police detective in pursuit of a childlike kidnapper.” At one point, the script by Ben Magid (his feature film debut) was seen as a possible directing project for Guillermo del Toro. Ben Hibon will start filming Pan as a European production in the fall of 2011. Hibon has also optioned the rights to the Richard Harland steampunk novel Worldshaker, which tells a story set on a massive flying juggernaut reminiscent of the Eloi and Morlocks from H.G. Wells’ The Time Machine.#8 ZOMBIELAND WRITERS SWITCH TO DIRECTING WITH DOC AND HOWIESince the release last year of Zombieland, screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick have been a hot collective property in Hollywood. Their new deals have included writing the Deadpool movie, working on a sequel to Zombieland and movies called Earth Vs. Moon and Cowboy Ninja Viking. But what they really want to do, apparently, is direct. Reese and Wernick will be making their directorial debuts with the comedy Doc and Howie, written by Two and a Half Men co-producer Steve Leff. Doc and Howie is reportedly in the style of the Harold and Kumar movies and is about two guys who accidentally kill an elderly lady when they don’t help her take her groceries up the stairs, but her death leads to the two meeting her “hot” granddaughters, and the question of whether they admit how their grandmother died. Doc and Howie is expected to start filming by early summer, 2011.#9 ABERCROMBIE &amp; ZOMBIE WILL FLASH YOU BLUE STEEL BEFORE EATING YOUR BRAINSSSSSDaniel Hansford, one of the producers of the 2009 film Bronson, is developing a zombie comedy project called Abercrombie &amp; Zombie: The Life and Death and Death of America’s First Zombie Supermodel. The British comedy will tell the story of a zombie who died during a Survivor audition who reinvents himself as a supermodel called Vincent Vango. Abercrombie &amp; Zombie will be the feature film debut of Scott Weintrob, who has previously directed several episodes of the UK TV series Top Gear.ROTTEN IDEA OF THE WEEK#1 SEE THIS WEEK’S TOP STORYThis week’s Most Rotten Idea is also the top story, the Buffy reboot.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Walt, First, lee","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Buffy-Moves-Ahead-Without-Joss"},{"id":"47509038143508","title":"Video: Jennifer Lawrence Needs Pasta Pointers","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jennifer Lawrence Needs Pasta Pointersby Grae Drake | November 18, 2015 |  CommentsIn this week’s video, Jennifer Lawrence tries to understand&nbsp;the finer points of pasta, and the cast of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2&nbsp;(Liam Hemsworth, Julianne Moore, Elizabeth Banks, Natalie Dormer, Josh Hutcherson, Sam Claflin, Donald Sutherland, plus director Francis Lawrence) discuss what they would release in positive pods, and what board games they would like to see brought to life.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"docuseries","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/18124633/Hunger-Games-JLaw-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-jennifer-lawrence-needs-pasta-pointers"},{"id":"47614796655787","title":"Keanu Says No to \"Watchmen\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Keanu Says No to \"Watchmen\"by Scott Weinberg | June 15, 2007 |  CommentsLast week we heard about a few of Zack Snyder‘s potential \"wish list\" actors for his \"Watchmen\" adaptation. Scratch one name off…Apparently Keanu Reeves has no interest in taking part of the \"Watchmen\" project. Mr. Reeves’ official site got word that he was offered a role, but passed. That is all.And before we start beating up on Keanu Reeves, let’s not forget he turned down a truckload of money on \"Speed 2.\" Still, it’s going to be fun watching this \"Watchmen\" cast come together. We’ll keep you posted.Source: Club Keanu!!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Searchlight","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"keanu-says-no-to-watchmen"},{"id":"47509126052671","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: 21 Jump Street Shoots to #1 with $35M","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: 21 Jump Street Shoots to #1 with $35Mby Gitesh Pandya | March 19, 2012 |  CommentsOdd couple Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill had North American moviegoers rolling in the aisles as their action-comedy remake 21 Jump Street debuted at number one with a terrific opening. No other film premiered in wide release and the overall marketplace fell below 2011 levels for the first time all year.Sony scored a top spot debut with its undercover cop comedy 21 Jump Street which opened with an estimated $35M from 3,121 theaters for a muscular $11,214 average. It was the second biggest opening ever for an R-rated comedy outside of the prime summer season trailing only Jackass 3D which bowed to $50.4M in October 2010 helped by being a sequel and having extra ticket surcharges. It was the second impressive number one hit for Tatum in as many months following February’s PG-13 romance hit The Vow which bowed to $41.2M. The actor-producer is on his way to enjoying back-to-back $100M+ grossers this spring. The slimmed-down Hill stumbled in December anchoring The Sitter, but he earned plenty of respect recently with his performance and Oscar nomination for Moneyball starring opposite another box office hunk in Brad Pitt.A loose update on the 1980s television series which launched Johnny Depp’s career, Jump Street attracted a broad audience as males made up 53% of the crowd while those under and over 25 were evenly split. Critics and audiences were divided, though, as reviews were remarkably positive while the CinemaScore grade was only a B. Plus Saturday sales were off 2% so the film’s legs may not be as good as reviews would suggest. And with the box office juggernaut The Hunger Games ready to strike on Friday in more than 4,000 theaters, the cop pic will have its work cut out for it next weekend. Produced for $42M, 21 Jump Street will still turn a nice profit regardless of its overseas performance and could prompt a sequel. In a year overflowing with action hits, it was the first live-action studio comedy to truly attract a large turnout.Universal’s smash hit 3D toon The Lorax delivered strong results in its third weekend grossing an estimated $22.8M for second place. The Dr. Seuss pic faced no new competition for families and dropped by an acceptable 41% lifting the 17-day cume to a robust $158.4M which was enough to surpass the $154.5M final of 2008’s 2D animated crowdpleaser Horton Hears a Who which boasted better starpower with the voices of Jim Carrey and Steve Carell. Lorax is now running a healthy 35% ahead of Horton and is on its way to breaking the $200M domestic mark. Only three March releases have ever managed to cross the double-century barrier – Alice in Wonderland, How To Train Your Dragon, and 300.Fans of the mega-budgeted sci-fi epic John Carter were hoping that good word-of-mouth would lead to a solid sophomore hold, but that wasn’t the case. Disney’s pricey investment suffered a 55% tumble to an estimated $13.5M giving the effects-driven 3D pic $53.2M after ten days. The drop was in line with past spring action vehicles like 300 (54%), 10,000 B.C. (53%), and Clash of the Titans (57%). Should Carter play out in a similar way it could end its domestic run a bit above the $80M mark which would be disappointing given the mammoth production cost of over $250M plus the lavish marketing push. Overseas, holdover markets saw significant declines as the weekend brought in an estimated $40.7M from 54 territories with bows in three new markets including China. That represented an overall drop of 42% from last weekend however holdover markets averaged larger declines than that. The Mars pic has now collected $126.1M internationally and $179.3M across the planet we refer to as Earth. Reaching a final global total of $375M will be very hard which is unfortunate for the studio since roughly that amount was spent to produce and market the film.The rest of the top ten was filled with aging titles falling into the $2-4M range. With Channing and Jonah taking away young adults looking for wild fun, the found-footage hit Project X tumbled 64% in its third round to an estimated $4M for Warner Bros. Enjoying a surprisingly good hold was Eddie Murphy’s latest comedy flop A Thousand Words which declined by only 39% to an estimated $3.8M. Paying audiences liked the film better than critics who panned the Paramount release. With $12.1M in ten days, the final gross for Words will still end up at a dismal level with roughly $22M.Close behind with an estimated $3.7M was the military actioner Act of Valor which fell 47% raising the total to an impressive $62.4M for Relativity. Universal’s CIA hit Safe House took in an estimated $2.8M, off 43%, giving the Denzel Washington movie $120.2M to date. Grossing an estimated $2.5M was another action hit, Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, which slipped only 32% for a $95.1M haul for Warner Bros. The worldwide haul has now surpassed $300M.Will Ferrell’s Spanish-language Mexsploitation comedy Casa De Mi Padre attracted solid business in its limited debut and found itself in ninth place for the weekend despite playing in just 382 theaters nationwide. The Lionsgate release averaged an encouraging $5,759 per location although Saturday saw no growth over Friday’s opening day tally. Reviews were not very positive but a decent number of moviegoers came out for something different.Rounding out the top ten was the action-romance This Means War which dropped 43% to an estimated $2.1M. Fox has banked $50.5M to date.In limited release, Jason Segal’s R-rated comedy Jeff Who Lives at Home was met with a dull response from audiences as the Paramount release collected just $840,000, according to estimates, from 254 theaters for a lackluster $3,307 average. Reviews were upbeat but moviegoers just didn’t see a reason to pay top dollar to see this one right away.Elsewhere, CBS Films enjoyed a good expansion for its cross-cultural tale Salmon Fishing in the Yemen which widened from 18 to 62 locations in its second weekend grossing an estimated $455,000. Averaging a solid $7,339, the well-reviewed film upped its sum to $763,000. Also, critically-acclaimed Cannes Grand Jury Prize winner The Kid with a Bike platformed very well with an estimated $51,000 from only three arthouses for a superb $17,000 average for IFC Films.The top ten films grossed an estimated $92.3M which was down 7% from last year when Limitless opened in the top spot with $18.9M; and down 17% from 2010 when Alice in Wonderland remained at number one in its third round with $34.2M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"cops, Emmys","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/jump-street.jpg","slug":"box-office-guru-wrapup-21-jump-street-shoots-to-1-with-35m"},{"id":"47509152531498","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Rush Hour 3 Speeds Into #1 Spot","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Rush Hour 3 Speeds Into #1 SpotChan and Tucker beat back Bourne.by Gitesh Pandya | August 12, 2007 |  CommentsAfter being off the case for six years,Jackie Chan andChris Tucker racedback into theaters with their cross-cultural cop buddy action sequel Rush Hour 3 andcaptured the number one spot. The new fantasy film Stardust opened todisappointing results in fourth place while the weekend’s other new titles Daddy Day Campand Skinwalkerswere virtually ignored by moviegoers. But overall, the North American box officeremained robust posting a gain of more than 25% over last year for the thirdsession in a row.New Line hit the top spot for the first time in a year with its action-comedyfranchise hit RushHour 3 which bowed to an estimated $50.2M. Playing ultrawide in 3,778sites, the PG-13 film averaged a strong $13,298 per theater. It was the fourthbiggest opening ever in the month of August trailing The Bourne Ultimatum($69.3M last weekend), Rush Hour 2($67.4M in 2001), and Signs($60.1M in 2002). While a powerful debut, Rush Hour 3 showed that the franchisehas suffered some audience erosion. The opening weekend gross was 26% smallerthan Rush Hour 2‘sand factoring in six years of ticket price increases, the bow would be about 35%weaker.In the new saga, Chanand Tucker reteam tofight a Chinese organized crime syndicate in Paris. Critics were overwhelminglynegative on the film stating that the characters have overstayed their welcomeand that Tucker, who has not done any films over the last nine years other thanthe Rush Hour pics, held up part three because of his salary demands. Butaudiences came out for the action and the comedy and should soon push the filmover the $100M mark in the coming weeks.After its record-breaking opening, The Bourne Ultimatumdropped a reasonable 51% to an estimated $33.7M and boosted its ten-day tally to$132.3M. The hold was a bit better than the 54% decline that The BourneSupremacy experienced in its sophomore session three years ago when it facedTheVillage which bowed to the same numbers as Rush Hour 3. Ultimatum marks the 13thsummer film to cross the $100M mark this year compared to ten at this same pointlast year. With few good action pictures left this summer, the latestMatt Damonassassin pic should cruise to $210-220M making it the top-grossing installmentin the popular spy series.The Simpsons Movie fell another 56% in its third outing to an estimated $11.1M.That put the 17-day total at $152.2M for Fox with a final tally of around $175Mlikely.The $70M fantasy adventure Stardust foundlittle magic at the box office in its opening weekend and collected just $9M inticket sales, according to estimates. Averaging a mild $3,548 from 2,540locations, the PG-13 fairy tale pic starringMichelle Pfeiffer,Robert De Niro,and Claire Danes found itself in fourth place. Reviews were mostly positive, butthat did little to boost its performance at the cash registers.In its second weekend, Buena Vista’s Underdog fell 44% to an estimated $6.5M topush its ten-day tally to $24.7M. A $40M final gross seems likely. The musicalHairspray onceagain enjoyed the best hold in the top ten dipping only 31% to an estimated$6.4M in its fourth frame. With a robust $92.1M in the bank, the New Line hitlooks to reach the neighborhood of $110M.The Adam Sandler comedyI Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry followed with anestimated $6M, down 44%, for a cume of $103.8M becoming the comedian’s eighth$100M+ hit. Look for Universal to conclude its run with about $117M. HarryPotter and the Order of the Phoenix fell 43% to an estimated $5.4M lifting thedomestic total to $272M making it the third biggest wizard pic after the firstand fourth installments. Overseas, the latest Hogwarts tale hit the $550M markpropelling the global tally to an eye-popping $822M. Warner Bros. stablemate NoReservations was close behind with an estimated $3.9M, off 40%, for a $32.1Msum. Final grosses should reach $285M and $40M, respectively.Sony saw almost no takers for its kidpic sequel Daddy Day Campwhich flopped in its opening weekend grossing an estimated $3.6M from 2,332theaters for a miserable $1,522 average. The PG-rated film starsCuba GoodingJr. stepping in for Eddie Murphy who is currently having daddy issues of hisown. Murphy drove its predecessor Daddy Day Care to a $104.3M gross in 2003.Since its Wednesday opening, Camp has collected just $5M in its first five dayswhich is less than what Care grossed in just its opening day alone.Barely a blip on the radar in its opening weekend was the horror entry Skinwalkers withan estimated $565,000 from 737 theaters for an awful $767 average for After DarkFilms.Three pictures fell from the top ten over the weekend. The Paramount/DreamWorkssensation Transformers grossed an estimated $3.3M in its sixth frame, off 45%,and boosted its stellar cume to $302.9M. The $145M-budgeted blockbuster looks toend its domestic run with about $310M. Worldwide, it has already grossed over$600M with more markets still to open. Transformers currently sits at number 26on the list of all-time domestic blockbusters and hopes to surpass Pirates ofthe Caribbean: At World’s End to become the third biggest hit of the summerafter Spider-Man 3 andShrek the Third.Two of last weekend’s poor openers tumbled in their sophomore frames. TheAndySamberg comedy Hot Rod dropped 59% to an estimated $2.2M for a total of only$11M for Paramount. Lionsgate’s girlpower flick Bratz stumbled 64% to anestimated $1.5M for a pitiful $7.6M sum. Final grosses should reach $14M and$10M, respectively.The top ten films grossed an estimated $135.7M which was up 31% from last yearwhen Talladega Nights remained in first place with $22.1M; and up 35% from 2005when Four Brothers debuted in the top spot with $21.2M.Author: Gitesh Pandya,www.BoxOfficeGuru.com&nbsp;","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"45, vampires, children's, History, asian-american, true, It, rotten, archives, 2015","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Rush-Hour-3-Speeds-Into-1-Spot"},{"id":"47509080934800","title":"RT Interview: Looper‘s Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Rian Johnson","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT Interview: Looper's Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Rian Johnsonby Grae Drake | September 27, 2012 |  CommentsGrae Drake fires time travel questions at Looper writer/director Rian Johnson and star Joseph Gordon Levitt, which they handle with the graceful ease of men who have been to the future and lived to tell about it.&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"series, Sematary, play, Acorn, comedies, cancelled","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"rt-interview-loopers-joseph-gordon-levitt-and-rian-johnson"},{"id":"47615294576007","title":"Fox Searchlight Digs the \"Phat Girlz\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Fox Searchlight Digs the \"Phat Girlz\"by Scott Weinberg | November 22, 2005 |  CommentsFresh out of my inbox comes a press release from Fox Searchlight that informs us of a movie called \"Phat Girlz,\" which stars Mo’Nique, Eric Roberts, Jack Noseworthy, and Jimmy Jean-Louis. Based on the release, it seems that \"Phat Girlz\" is about overweight ladies on the hunt for some lovin’. And no, this is not a direct-to-video movie.Fox Searchlight Pictures President Peter Rice announced today that it has acquired worldwide rights to distribute \"Phat Girlz\" starring Mo’Nique (“The Parkers”), Jimmy Jean-Louis (\"Tears of the Sun\"), Godfrey (\"Soul Plane\"), Joyful Drake (\"Beauty Shop\"), Oscar® nominee Eric Roberts (\"Runaway Train\"), Jack Noseworthy (\"Undercover Brother\") and Kendra C. Johnson in her feature film debut. The film will be released in theatres nationwide on April 7, 2006.\"Phat Girlz\" marks the feature directorial and screenwriting debut of Nnegest Likké and was produced by Bobby Newmyer (\"Training Day,\" \"The Santa Clause,\" \"sex, lies &amp; videotape\" of Outlaw Productions and Steven J. Wolfe (\"Twin Falls Idaho\") of Sneak Preview Entertainment. The film was executive produced by “Mo’Nique’s Fat Chance” producers Steven Imes and Mo’Nique of 10 Times Greater Productions, and co-produced by Outlaw Productions’ Michael Glassman. \"Phat Girlz\" was financed by Newmyer, who believed so whole-heartedly in the project he mortgaged his family home to raise the necessary funds.Said Fox Searchlight Pictures President of Marketing Nancy Utley, “We love\"Phat Girlz,\" a relatable comedy that celebrates the fact that beautiful women come in all shapes and sizes. We look forward to hearing audiences all over the world laugh as they get to know the memorable characters in this movie.”Said Writer/Director Nnegest Likké, “This project has blossomed from the ugly duckling nobody wanted into a most beautiful swan. It is a dream come true to have my first picture distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures.”Said Mo’Nique, “I am extremely proud of this project and think that \"Phat Girlz\" will be the new in-thing. This film is a wake-up call to society and to big women everywhere that it is important to accept and love yourself no matter what your size.”Starring Mo’Nique as Jazmin Biltmore, a smart-mouthed aspiring fashion designer, \"Phat Girlz\" is an edgy comedy about two frustrated plus-size women obsessed with their weight while struggling to find love and acceptance in a world full of \"hot bodied\" babes. The \"Phat Girlz\" are thrown a major curve ball when they meet the men of their dreams in the most unexpected of ways…\"Phat Girlz\" was shot by Directors of Photography John Demps (\"The Inkwell\") and Dean Lent (\"The Civilization of Maxwell Bright\") and was edited by Zack Arnold (feature film editing debut). The film’s music was supervised by Dawn Soler (\"The Princess Diaries\").","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"book, boxoffice, Universe","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"fox-searchlight-digs-the-phat-girlz"},{"id":"47508910500750","title":"Parental Guidance: How Family-Friendly Are The Divergent Series: Allegiant and Brooklyn?","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Parental Guidance: How Family-Friendly Are The Divergent Series: Allegiant and Brooklyn?by Christy Lemire | March 18, 2016 |  CommentsThis week, Christy looks at Jennifer Garner’s new film, the third installment in the Divergent Series, and indie auteur Jeff Daniels’ father and son supernatural&nbsp;drama.&nbsp;Then, on home video, she revisits 2015’s critic’s darling Brooklyn&nbsp;and weighs in on The Chipmunks latest shenanigans. Read on for details.NEW IN THEATERS&nbsp;Miracles from Heaven (2016)  45%Rating: PG, for thematic material including accident and medical issuesThis is based on the true story of Texas mom Christy Beam (Jennifer Garner), whose 10-year-old daughter, Annabel (Kylie Rogers) suddenly suffered from a rare and potentially fatal intestinal disorder – and, just as suddenly, was cured. A 30-foot fall through the hollowed-out trunk of a cottonwood tree miraculously healed Annabel. But while she was trapped on the ground, she says she had an out-of-body experience in which she went to heaven and God told her she’d be fine. Hence the title. “Miracles From Heaven” contains many stressful moments as Christy and Annabel travel back and forth to Boston for treatment, which doesn’t seem to be working. Anna and a young girl in the hospital bed next to her, who’s battling cancer, discuss very frankly whether they’re afraid of dying. But there are also many moments of uplift, kindness and faith. Fine for kids around 7 and older.The Divergent Series: Allegiant (2016)  11%Rating: PG-13, for intense violence and action, thematic elements and some partial nudity.The penultimate “Divergent” movie finds Tris (Shailene Woodley), Four (Theo James) and their rag-tag band of buddies daring to climb the wall surrounding Chicago to investigate the outside world. As in all of these movies (and post-apocalyptic Young Adult fare in general), there’s a ton of violence. A lot of it involves gunfire and hand-to-hand combat. But toward the end, there’s also the climactic threat that an orange gas being pumped through the ventilation system will cause massive memory loss. Adults are universally nefarious figures. Several young people are shot to death, children are hunted down and snatched from their parents for scientific experiments and one little boy watches as his father is fatally shot in front of him. There’s also a tad bit of nudity during a shower scene. Fine for viewers around 13 and older.Midnight Special (2016)  83%Rating: PG-13, for some violence and action.The fourth film from indie auteur Jeff Nichols (“Take Shelter,” “Mud”) once again finds him reteaming with the great Michael Shannon for this sci-fi thriller. This time, Shannon plays the father of a young boy (Jaeden Liberher) whose mysterious powers make him a prophet for some and a target for others. Father and son go on the run with the help of an old friend (Joel Edgerton) as they try to elude both the religious cult to which they’d belonged and federal authorities. There’s great tension throughout as well as some startling special effects, including chunks of a satellite raining down on a gas station. The boy’s eyes beam a bright light at various points, which may be frightening for younger viewers to see, and he’s in constant peril. There’s also a bit of gunfire. But it’s a powerfully written and acted story about a father-son bond, sacrifice and love. Fine for mature tweens and older.NEW ON DVD&nbsp;Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip (2015)  15%Rating: PG,&nbsp;for or some mild rude humor and language.If your kids want to watch a movie at home – and if you have laundry to fold or dinner to make or something, anything else to do – this is fine for all ages. This time, singing chipmunks Alvin, Simon and Theodore suspect that Dave (Jason Lee) will propose to his girlfriend (Kimberly Williams-Paisley) while visiting Miami with her and abandon them for good. So they team up with her surly son (Josh Green) to travel across the country and stop Dave from popping the question. Madcap computer-generated hilarity and squeaky musical numbers ensue. (Although the effects are pretty darn seamless, I must say.) This movie is harmless. Many jokes are intended for grown-ups and will go over kids’ heads. Tony Hale co-stars as an air marshal who’s insistent on nabbing the chipmunks after they unleash all the animals from an airplane’s cargo hold, but he’s a pretty cartoonish villain. And “The Road Chip” features the most wholesome depiction of New Orleans ever committed to film, as the boys perform “Uptown Funk” with a brass band in the French Quarter. The entire song.Brooklyn (2015)  97%Rating: PG-13, for a scene of sexuality and brief strong language.Saoirse Ronan duly earned an Academy Award nomination for best actress for her beautiful, blossoming performance as an Irish immigrant coming into her own in 1950s Brooklyn. Ronan is absolutely radiant as the determined Eilis, who starts out shy and homesick but evolves into a young woman of great poise and confidence as she finds her place in a new land. Eilis and her longtime boyfriend (a magnetic Emory Cohen) kiss quite a bit, and there’s the suggestion that they have sex. There’s also a bit of language. But this is a great film for tweens to see, especially the girls in your house. It’s all about figuring out who you are and being true to yourself under difficult and emotionally charged circumstances","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"screenings, spanish, television, school","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/18191957/miracles-heaven-10241-e1458334352418.jpg","slug":"parental-guidance-how-family-friendly-are-the-divergent-series-allegiant-and-brooklyn"},{"id":"47509044769864","title":"Video: Melissa McCarthy’s Face of Choice","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Melissa McCarthy's Face of Choiceby Grae Drake | June 5, 2015 |  CommentsIn the new film Spy, writer/director Paul Feig outs the Face/Off machine made famous in the John Woo classic of the same name as being a real thing. Grae Drake gets the 411 on whose face stars Rose Byrne, Miranda Hart, Melissa McCarthy, and Feig would gladly change to if given half a chance.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Winter, streaming, revenge, YouTube, ITV, It, MTV","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/melissa-mccarthy-video.jpg","slug":"video-melissa-mccarthys-face-of-choice"},{"id":"47612520655114","title":"What Was the Best Year Ever for Horror?","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})What Was the Best Year Ever for Horror?We combed through RT data to figure out what year resonated most with critics, audiences, and both.by Mark Hofmeyer | October 25, 2017 |  CommentsVera Miles in Psycho (1960)What is the greatest year ever for horror? The debate has raged endlessly and will continue long into the future. However, to offer a point of discussion, we dug through RT data to discover which years had the best Tomatometer, Audience, and overall average scores. The rules we employed were as follows:Each film must be listed as “horror” on Rotten Tomatoes.Each film must have at least 20 reviews counted.Each year is represented by the five films that hold the highest average of Tomatometer and Audience scores.Before we get into figuring out which year is the greatest for horror, we did a couple of&nbsp;quick breakdowns just for fun, and we noticed&nbsp;an&nbsp;interesting tidbit as we&nbsp;crunched the numbers.&nbsp;There are almost 900 films in&nbsp;our&nbsp;data set, from 1920 all the way up to the present day, and the overall average Audience score is 53.2%. The overall average Tomatometer score, however, is 54.4%. Conventional wisdom&nbsp;would seem to indicate&nbsp;that audiences tend to rate horror films higher than critics,&nbsp;but the data doesn’t bear that out. Instead, our numbers show that not only do critics and fans have pretty similar taste, but critics&nbsp;generally&nbsp;like horror movies&nbsp;more. Who would’ve thought?Then, we also decided to take a look at the data by decade. For each decade, we gathered the films with the 10 highest Tomatometer scores and the 10 highest Audience scores, took the average of each of them, and then averaged those&nbsp;two scores to arrive at a single percentage (in other words, rule #3 above). It’s not an exact science, of course, and only a small sample was taken, but the results were very close:1930s — 89.75%1940s — 85%1950s — 84.4%1960s — 91.75%1970s — 90.9%1980s — 90.6%1990s — 88.5%2000s — 90.9%2010s — 90.1%According to these numbers, the 1960s — which included Psycho,&nbsp;Eyes Without a Face,&nbsp;Rosemary’s Baby, and Night of the Living Dead, just to name a few — were the scariest decade in cinema, but the 1970s, 1980s, 2000s, and 2010s (which, by the way, aren’t over yet) could all stake a reasonable claim at the top.But what about individual years? That took a bit more work, and the results were surprising. Read on to see what years reigned supreme with critics, audiences, and both.Highest Audience Score AverageWinner:&nbsp;1987Average Audience Score: 81.6%At first glance,&nbsp;1987 might not immediately strike you as an obvious fan favorite year for horror. However, one look at the directors and films should clear things up a bit. The top five horror films of 1987 according to Audience score have some impressive directors behind them, namely&nbsp;Sam Raimi, Kathryn Bigelow, Clive Barker, Joel Schumacher, and John McTiernan. Their films rise above genre and incorporate horror elements beautifully.The biggest reason why 1987 was victorious is&nbsp;Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn’s 89% Audience score. In fact, the&nbsp;Evil Dead franchise has the highest average Tomatometer (81.75%) and Audience score (80.75%) of any horror franchise with at least four theatrical releases. The Evil Dead, Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn, Army of Darkness, and the Evil Dead remake are the only foursome in which the box office nearly doubled with each successive film — a rare feat for any genre, let alone horror. Not bad for a tiny franchise&nbsp;featuring a blowhard named Ash being beaten silly.TOP MOVIES:Evil Dead 2: Dead by DawnAudience Score – 89%Tomatometer Score – &nbsp;98%PredatorAudience Score – 87%Tomatometer Score – 78%The Lost BoysAudience Score – 85%Tomatometer Score – 73%Near DarkAudience Score – 74%Tomatometer Score – &nbsp;88%HellraiserAudience Score – 73%Tomatometer Score – 66%1987’s Audience score top five also includes a handful of&nbsp;fun pairings:Evil Dead 2 and Predator feature people losing appendages in the woods.The Lost Boys and Near Dark tell modern vampire tales.Hellraiser and Evil Dead 2 feature books and puzzle boxes that should never be opened.This is a bit of a stretch, but Bill Paxton was in Near Dark&nbsp;and he later met a very angry alien in Predator 2 (1990). Incidentally, Paxton also eventually worked with Sam Raimi in A Simple Plan (1998).Highest Tomatometer Average(Photo by Kit Fraser/Vertical Entertainment)Winner: 2016Average Tomatometer Score: 97%We realize&nbsp;Nina Forever and The Love Witch&nbsp;aren’t traditional horror films, but even if we removed them from the list and replaced them with The Witch (91%) and Green Room (90%), 2016 would still be the winner here. 2016&nbsp;figures heavily in our Top 100 Horror Movies&nbsp;list (The Witch, The Love Witch, Green Room, Under the Shadow, Train to Busan, The Autopsy of Jane Doe, Don’t Breathe), and with other recent hits like&nbsp;Get Out,&nbsp;IT, and a number of acclaimed smaller films,&nbsp;it’s safe to say we’re currently experiencing something of a horror renaissance, at least according to critics.That said, it’s interesting to note that The Love Witch and The Witch&nbsp;had a combined average Tomatometer score of 93.5% but an average Audience score of just 58%. Both&nbsp;are unique,&nbsp;meticulously directed, auteur-driven visions that push the boundaries of the genre, and they’re straight-up bonkers, so it’s likely audiences didn’t know what to expect.TOP MOVIES:Under the ShadowTomatometer Score – 99%Audience Score – 74%The WailingTomatometer Score – 99%Audience Score – 81%Nina ForeverTomatometer Score – 96%Audience Score – 56%The Love WitchTomatometer Score – 96%Audience Score – 60%Train to BusanTomatometer Score – 95%Audience Score – 88%Highest Average of Tomatometer and Audience Scores(Photo by Well Go USA Entertainment)Winner: 2016Tomatometer Score Average: 97% (Under the Shadow, The Wailing, Nina Forever, The Love Witch, Train to Busan)&nbsp;Audience Score Average: 81.8% (Train to Busan, The Wailing, The Conjuring 2, Don’t Breathe, 10 Cloverfield Lane)Combined Average: 89.4%It took some teamwork for 2016 to be victorious in this category. The Tomatometer was exceptionally high, but Nina Forever, Under the Shadow, and The Love Witch weren’t universally loved by audiences.&nbsp;Luckily,&nbsp;Don’t Breathe, The Conjuring 2, and 10 Cloverfield Lane stepped up to the plate and helped carry 2016 over the top with their Audience scores.TOP MOVIES:Train to BusanTomatometer Score – 95%Audience Score – 89%The WailingTomatometer Score – 99%Audience Score – 81%The Conjuring 2Tomatometer Score – 79%Audience Score – 81%Don’t BreatheTomatometer Score – 87%Audience Score – 79%10 Cloverfield LaneTomatometer Score – 90%Audience Score – 79%Miscellaneous Stats(Photo by Gordon Timpen/Screen Gems)With 2016 sitting comfortably atop two of the three metrics we examined, we took a deeper dive into some fun odds and ends. Here are the results.Victims of&nbsp;Animal Attacks – 89.4% (Green Roon, Don’t Breathe, The Wailing, The Witch, The Shallows)Victims&nbsp;Attacked Mostly in a Single Location – 84.6% (10 Cloverfield Lane, The Invitation, Don’t Breathe, Green Room, The Autopsy of Jane Doe, The Shallows, 31, Under the Shadow)Victims of&nbsp;Witches – 75% (The Witch, Blair Witch, The Love Witch)Victims of&nbsp;Zombies – 66.8% (Train to Busan, Pride &amp; Prejudice &amp; Zombies, JeruZalem, Cell, The Wailing, Nina Forever)Victims of&nbsp;Another Sequel or Prequel – 61.7% (The Conjuring 2, Oiuja: Origin of Evil, 10 Cloverfield Lane, Blair Witch, The Purge: Election, Boo! A Madea Halloween, Phantasm: Remastered)Victims&nbsp;Murdered in a Forest – 52.6% (The Witch, Green Room, Hush, the Wailing, The Monster, The Eyes of My Mother, The Mind’s Eye, Cell, Pride &amp; Prejudice &amp; Zombies, The Forest, Morgan, Blair Witch, Cabin Fever)Victims of Unnecessary&nbsp;Remakes&nbsp;– 3% (Martyrs, Cabin Fever)So now that you’ve seen what critics and audiences at large think, what’s your favorite year for horror?","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"TV, Arts, telelvision, halloween, comic, Association, Syfy, Series, Shudder, popular, kaiju, comiccon, Mary, Comics, christmas","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"what-was-the-best-year-ever-for-horror"},{"id":"47508879007316","title":"The Jungle Book, The Lobster, and More Certified Fresh Picks on Netflix and Amazon Prime","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Jungle Book, The Lobster, and More Certified Fresh Picks on Netflix and Amazon Primeby RT Staff | December 6, 2016 |  CommentsIt’s our first streaming column of the month, which means subscription services Netflix and Amazon Prime have released a lot of new choices. As usual, we’ve narrowed them down to the most critically acclaimed, ranging from a few well-received smaller films and one big blockbuster this year to some trusty classics. Read on for the full list.New on Netflix&nbsp;The Wailing (Goksung) (2016)  99%This South Korean horror drama centers on a small town reeling from a series of brutal murders after the arrival of a mysterious stranger.Available now on: NetflixHeathers (1988)  93%Winona Ryder and Christian Slater star in this 1980s cult favorite about a high school girl who rebels against her popular clique in rather dark fashion.Available now on: NetflixThe Jungle Book (2016)  94%Neel Sethi stars in this live-action remake of the Disney adaptation of Rudyard Kipling’s tale about a young boy raised by wolves who helps defend his jungle against a fearsome tiger.Available now on: NetflixNational Lampoon's Animal House (1978)  90%John Belushi stars in this iconic comedy that takes a ribald look at the alcohol-soaked underbelly of collegiate life, laying the groundwork for dozens of subsequent “snobs vs. slobs” comedies.Available now on: NetflixBeverly Hills Cop (1984)  83%Eddie Murphy stars in this action comedy as Detroit transplant Axel Foley, a fast-talking detective sent on involuntary vacation who helps the Beverly Hills police take down the crime lord who killed his friend.Available now on: NetflixWaking Life (2001)  81%Richard Linklater’s dazzling philosophical meditation features stunning rotoscoped visuals and several witty celebrity cameos.Available now on: NetflixGirlfriends' Guide to Divorce: Season 2 (2015) Season 1 of this Bravo comedy, about a newly separated self-help author (Lisa Edelstein) trying to navigate life in the face of her impending divorce, is Certified Fresh, and Netflix now has season 2.Available now on: NetflixNew on Amazon Prime&nbsp;Annie Hall (1977)  96%Woody Allen and Diane Keaton star in this Best Picture winner, the most Woody Allen-ish of Woody Allen comedies.Available now on: Amazon PrimeStories We Tell (2013)  94%Sarah Polley’s rapturously reviewed documentary portrait of her family and its secrets is a feature-length exploration of the nature of memory and storytelling.Available now on: Amazon PrimeThe Lobster (2016)  87%Colin Farrell and Rachel Weisz star in this Certified Fresh sci-fi dramedy about a man who must choose a mate or risk turning into a lobster.Available now on: Amazon PrimeAmerican Beauty (1999)  87%Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening&nbsp;star in Sam Mendes’ multiple Oscar-winning drama, a dark, cynical portrait of suburban life as seen through the eyes of a forty-something father experiencing a midlife crisis.Available now on: Amazon PrimeThe One I Love (2014)  82%Mark Duplass and Elisabeth Moss star in this dramedy about a struggling married couple who retreat to a remote cabin to rekindle their love, only to discover the guest house holds a bizarre, mysterious secret.Available now on: Amazon PrimeAvailable to PurchaseDemon (2016)  92%In this unnerving, sometimes darkly funny Polish import, a wedding in a remote country house is disrupted by a visit from an ancient dybbuk who seeks vengeance for crimes past.Available now on: Amazon,&nbsp;iTunesSully (2016)  85%Tom Hanks stars in Robert Zemeckis’ drama about the real-life US Airways pilot who saved all 155 people aboard his plane when he was forced to attempt an emergency landing in the Hudson river.Available now on: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;iTunes","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"spanish, The, awards, FX, indiana, GLAAD, America, new, Channel, shows, Video","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/06145815/The-Lobster-Streaming.jpg","slug":"the-jungle-book-the-lobster-and-more-certified-fresh-picks-on-netflix-and-amazon-prime"},{"id":"47509018201952","title":"Video: The Baby Driver Cast Describes Edgar Wright in Three Words","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Baby Driver Cast Describes Edgar Wright in Three Wordsby RT Staff | June 27, 2017 |  CommentsRT Host Jack Hind asked the cast of Baby Driver&nbsp;(Lily James, Eiza Gonzalez, John Hamm, Jamie Foxx, and Ansel Elgort), to describe director Edgar Wright in three words. With. Interesting. Results. Then he spoke to Wright himself about how the idea for this film was in his head for twenty-two years!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"theme, in, awards, Mary, of, name","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/27194509/Edgar-Wright-representative.jpg","slug":"video-the-baby-driver-cast-describes-edgar-wright-in-three-words"},{"id":"47509080930702","title":"Ethan Hawke Gets Sinister – Interview","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Ethan Hawke Gets Sinister - Interviewby Grae Drake | October 10, 2012 |  CommentsEthan Hawke ditches his sensitive-guy persona in favor of straight-up horror in Sinister. He talks to Grae Drake about why he made a scary movie and what images from the movie he had a hard time shaking when the cameras stopped rolling.&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"spanish, Avengers, guild, killer","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"ethan-hawke-gets-sinister"},{"id":"47614691745911","title":"Exclusive: Oscar Nominee Colin Firth on A Single Man","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Exclusive: Oscar Nominee Colin Firth on A Single ManThe former Mr. Darcy on Tom Ford's directorial debut.by Rosamund Witcher | February 15, 2010 |  CommentsFor 15 years, Colin Firth remained best known for emerging from a lake in a white shirt as Mr Darcy in the BBC’s Pride &amp; Prejudice miniseries. Since then, he had two girly fights with Hugh Grant in the Bridget Jones movies, flirted with a Portuguese girl in Love Actually and threw himself into 2008’s all-singing, all-dancing extravaganza Mamma Mia. But he’s never really had a chance to show us what he can do. Until now.His recent Best Actor Oscar nomination for A Single Man was proof that, given the right material, Firth can blow us away. The directorial debut of fashion designer Tom Ford follows a day in the life of George, a lecturer in 1960s Los Angeles who, devastated at the death of his long-term partner, plans his own suicide. Firth talked to RT about the role of his career, and why he’d consider Mamma Mia 2…[tomatometer]MuzeID=1218217[/tomatometer]You’re getting accolades and nominations galore for A Single Man. How do you feel?Colin Firth: Great! The Venice Film Festival was the best moment because there were no expectations and nothing riding on it. The film hadn’t even been sold at that point. My wife is Italian so Venice is special anyway. We showed the film for the first time and got so much warmth. I remember thinking, it can’t feel better than this. That was so fantastic that anything else is just gravy.How do you respond to critics that accuse it of style over substance?CF: Some people feel there’s a dichotomy between style and substance, but the look of the film is absolutely critical to the story. The way that George dresses is a sign of his desperation, his neurosis. External appearance is the only thing he can control. I thought there was something wonderful about that. I wish I could open my drawer and see all my shirts starched and prepared. But that’s not me. Incidentally, I’ve been to Tom Ford’s home and it’s a lot like that. Tom is very fastidious, like George.Were you wary of a film being made by a fashion designer-turned-film director?CF: It definitely had its doubters. Some of the people advising me were very keen for me not to do it. In fact, they were adamant that I shouldn’t do it. They knew that everyone would notice this film and, if it was a catastrophe, it would be a very noticeable one. People told me that this was nothing but a fashion designer’s vanity project, it would just be one big embarrassment and I should steer clear.Colin Firth in A Single ManBut you never had any doubts?CF: Not about Tom. But there was a problem with the narrative that did concern me. You’re supposed to invest a great deal in George’s grief. But, other than a couple of flashbacks, we don’t know anything about his relationship. Why should we care about this man’s pain when we don’t know his history? The scene with the phone call solved that. Tom was so courageous in letting that take its course.You look absolutely destroyed in that scene. How was it to film?CF: In the script, that scene is just two pages of dialogue in which George is very polite. It doesn’t say how he reacts at the end of the phone call. It’s just, “thank you for calling,” and that’s the end of the scene. What actually happened was that I put the phone down and Tom didn’t say “cut”. He was in a different room, watching on the monitor, so I stayed there until the magazine ran out. Eventually, I went through to the other room and said “how was that?” And I saw the crew were passing tissues around. Tom said, “could you do that again?” We did three takes, and that was it.There is also a lot of humour in the film. How much of that comes from you?CF: The words are all Tom’s. And shaving off the eyebrow? That actually happened to Tom when he took mescaline. He was a young man at the time! My job is how it’s delivered and Tom is not an interfering director. The suicide rehearsal scene with the sleeping bag is without dialogue, so there’s a lot of my humour in that.Colin Firth in A Single ManHow does this experience compare to working on a film like Mamma Mia?CF: That wasn’t your film-festival-Oscar-nominations sort of film. But that’s snobbery. Some people thought it was just a big old karaoke, despite the fact that none of the boys can sing — which I quite accept! The segues from the dialogue to the songs are all ridiculous but we’re supposed to be in on that joke. Critics wildly missed the point when they complained that it’s clunky. It’s a joke! French and Saunders satirised it brilliantly, but the problem was that the film already satirises itself almost as much as they did. Comedy — particularly the frothy and frivolous — is notoriously neglected by festivals and awards. But it’s bloody hard to get right.You’re also starring as George VI in The King’s Speech later this year. Did it cross your mind that his daughter, The Queen, might see it?CF: That did occur to me. I know the Royal Family don’t comment on such things, but I was very aware that she would probably see it. And I’m aware that he’s remembered, not only by members of his family but also by the public, with great affection. I’m not a… well, we’ll leave my political views out of it. But, whatever my feelings about the monarchy, I hope the affection and respect I feel for him comes across. There was something very quietly heroic about him.One last thing: Pierce Brosnan recently nixed the idea of Mamma Mia 2…CF: Oh he nixed it did he? He’s going to need the work! No, I’m joking. I don’t want to spend my life in sequels and franchises but, having said that, I’d certainly get back with that group of people in a second.A Single Man is out now.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"The, Baby","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"exclusive-oscar-nominee-colin-firth-on-a-single-man"},{"id":"47508686729052","title":"Pennyworth Revels in the Early Adventures of Batman’s Butler","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Pennyworth Revels in the Early Adventures of Batman's ButlerStars Jack Bannon, Ben Aldridge, and Paloma Faith and executive producers Bruno Heller and Danny Cannon explain why Alfred Pennyworth is owed his due.by Erik Amaya | July 27, 2019 |  CommentsIt is definitely the question people ask when they hear about Epix’s new series Pennyworth: “Why make a show about Batman’s butler?” The answer may lead to one of the smartest programs based on a comic book character to debut during this golden age of television. And when Rotten Tomatoes put the question to showrunner and executive producer Bruno Heller, he said the fun of making Pennyworth is in the challenge of answering it.“It’s sort of like making a transcendent cheese sandwich,” he said. “Not because the expectations are low, [but] because it’s hard to see, initially, what you could do with that.”The series opens with Alfred Pennyworth (Jack Bannon) freshly discharged from the army and ready to start a new life as the head of his own security firm with some of his mates from the service. But a chance encounter with American millionaire Thomas Wayne (Ben Aldridge) puts his future on a decidedly different course.For Bannon, who said he felt “defensive” for Alfred now that he plays him, suggested the reason to make a show about the character stems from another question buried in the Batman mythos: “He is the guardian and teacher to the greatest superhero of all time. How does he know that stuff? How does he know how to be knowledgeable and understanding of the trauma, and the fighting evil, and all this?”“There’s a whole world to Alfred, which is what we explore,” Aldridge added. “But also, the series explores Thomas and Martha Wayne, [Batman’s] parents, which we know very little about, obviously, because we only ever see them die. So, it kind of fills in all of those blanks.”The blanks, as it happens, also offer Heller a format steeped in DC Comics lore without masks and superpowers.“I love superheroes, [but] I don’t really know how to write them,” he said. “Alfred is a real person. Him and Commissioner Gordon, they’re kind of human beings in the canon.”Their humanity in the face of theatrical villains and masked vigilantes made them great anchors for television series set in wilder worlds. Although, the wildness of Pennyworth is based less in the superhero tradition and more in a British mode, which is fitting for the character.For fellow executive producer Danny Cannon – who also worked on Gotham – the blanks in Alfred’s story allowed him to try something different: a DC show set in 1960s London.“[It is] a place that both myself and Bruno knew rather well,” he explained. “[We] also had a vision on what that world should feel and sound like.” Alfred was uniquely suited to open that world up.Their vision of a DC Comics London will be one of the things viewers will immediately note about the show, both in its style and the way it offers clues to the story under Alfred’s feet. Small anachronistic details creep into the margins and the sort of “nevertime” Gotham used starts to appear.“It’s as if it’s sort of a dream London where anything, any point in the history of the country, can be there, but anchored in the ’60s,” Heller said. And as Alfred finds himself pulled deeper into Thomas’ world, a very specific event in British history seems drawn into the setting.(Photo by Epix)But first, we need to talk about Bet Sykes. Played by Paloma Faith, the dedicated contract killer immediately takes possession of any scene she appears in. For Faith, the character as written by Heller reminded her of people she knew.“Growing up in London, there had been a couple of times in my early life where I’ve actually met real gangsters, and their wives have this very distinctive, very nuanced way&nbsp;… usually, they’re very glamorous and empowered, but majorly insecure at the same time,” she explained. “So, it was like kind of trying to channel that. They were always a bit threatening.”When viewers first meet Bet, that threatening edge will be immediately apparent, but they will soon discover a gentle side to the character as well.“She’s got a very sort of distinct differentiation between when she’s at work and when she’s not at work,” Faith said. “Having had a career that’s very public myself as a musician, I can really empathize with that idea of putting on your work face and putting on your home face. That played into the way that I played her.”And just as Gotham humanized the Riddler, Barbara Keen, and other seemingly manic foes, Bet quickly becomes a layered and interesting character.“She’s still a human being,” Faith said. “[She] craves human touch, and connection, and to be understood.”&nbsp;(Photo by Epix)The show’s willingness to give Bet that depth makes her something of a mirror to Alfred – right down to their willingness to commit violence.“I think it’s something that will always be with him,” Bannon said. “I think he’s grown up, essentially, in the Army, his formative years anyway. And it’s a little bit like a strange addiction. He knows it’s bad for him, but he keeps being drawn back.”“I also think they’re all quite desensitized in the world of this as well, because it is a violent world,” added Faith. “So, [it’s] their perception, and then we have to sort of shift ours when we view it.”And as Faith’s comments suggest, Pennyworth is more violent and graphic than most of its DC-inspired cousins (Swamp Thing comes close). To Heller, reaching for a new level of on-screen violence was an important evolution.“There’s an honesty when you portray violence, as shocking as it is, to make it shocking,” he explained. “That’s what violence is really like.”As opposed to the comical sound effects of Batman ’66 or the relative bloodlessness of network shows, Heller said the violence and its implications were important to convey and establish early.“What happens is you bleed, you die,” he said. “It’s not meant to be sensational. It’s just meant to be true to both the sensibility of the myth and the reality of violence.”Despite the violence on display in the series, Pennyworth is filled with humor – from the absurd to the driest of quips worthy of Batman’s butler. It was an element of the show which surprised the cast once they began to see finished episodes.“I know the jokes were there,” Aldridge said, “but there were other moments I hadn’t read as funny at all.”In the first episode, some of these moments involve a gun-toting granny, the owner of the club where Alfred and Thomas meet, and a very unusual torturer.“Alfred says at one point, ‘Life is either a tragedy or a comedy, and I prefer to have a laugh.’ And that’s kind of true,” Heller said when asked about juggling the show’s grimmer moments and funnier elements. “There has to be light, because on one level it’s a very bleak and dark view of the world. So without shafts of light, you’ve just got darkness as opposed to shadows and light.”“For me, when I think about being British, the most proudest thing about it is the humor, for me,” Faith added. “So it’s so important that it’s in there.”(Photo by Epix)Which brings us back to the question – why make a series about Batman’s butler? Because he offers a uniquely British story to the DC Universe, one that also features an examination of British class struggles.“I feel like in America, you’re kind of raised to believe that whichever class you come from, you can achieve anything,” Faith said. “I remember being sort of the 17-year-old literature student, being like, Oh, the American Dream — like, never heard of the possibility until then of being able to actually sort of contradict the class you were born into.”In the British tradition, social mobility is much harder. And into the 1960s, it was something parents actively discouraged their children from attempting.“The ’60s was the first time where people were starting to live their own lives and have their own ideas, and Alfred is the perfect guy to break away from the military and from their old-school way of thinking,” Cannon said. “He’s filled with optimism and a new energy, and he’s looking towards the future.”Nonetheless, Alfred will face obstacles in finding that future simply because of the station he was born into.“One of the things that you notice when looking at past portrayals of Alfred is that, to a degree, Michael Caine was the first guy who played the character as he would be in real life – which is working class,” Heller said. “And that servant class was always in a weird, anomalous position of serving the upper classes, but never being able to cross that line. Alfred is someone who has lived his own life and does not want to be servile, does not want to be dependent on the largess of the aristocracy. So that conflict is built into the character.”“It’s a strong theme in our show, and a strong theme in British culture in general,” Faith added.The conflict will also be writ large in the series as tensions in the country lead to sectarian violence and the potential for a British Civil War, the event seemingly imported from history into the 1960s of Pennyworth.(Photo by Epix)At the same time, Bannon admitted that Alfred is “blown away” by his new wealthy American associate, Thomas: “He talks differently, he looks different — [Alfred has] never really seen anyone like that.”Thomas’ movie-star quality may offer some clue as to why Alfred will ultimately become a butler and work for the Waynes. Granted, it will take more than good looks and a seemingly endless supply of cash to bond Thomas and Alfred for all time — but then, that is the story the series is setting out to tell while also sowing the seeds of a class war.And as all moderns series consider their conclusion from day one, the cast and producers of Pennyworth jokingly suggested its natural endpoint will either be the birth of Bruce Wayne or his conception. Although, Faith suggested Bruce’s birth could come with a further revelation.“I’d love to see Jack dressed as a baby coming out of Martha,” she joked. “Alfred’s actually his dad, and you’re [playing] the baby!”“That’s very meta and crazy: Me in a little bonnet,” Bannon said.Pennyworth premieres July 28 at 9 p.m. on Epix.&nbsp;Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"monster, Ice, Go","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/27193837/pennyworth-keyart-1-600x314.jpg","slug":"pennyworth-cast-producers-on-the-early-adventures-of-batmans-butler"},{"id":"47509021785983","title":"Video: Who Does James Gunn Fantasize About Killing?","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Who Does James Gunn Fantasize About Killing?by Grae Drake | March 14, 2017 |  CommentsDuring the Toronto International Film Festival, RT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to James Gunn, writer/producer of&nbsp;The Belko Experiment,&nbsp;about how the film is really about math, who at work he dreams of killing, and gives us&nbsp;a tiny tidbit about&nbsp;Guardians of the Galaxy 2. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Disney, Binge, media, Showtime, Shudder, books","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/14162051/James-Gunn-Belko-Representative.jpg","slug":"video-who-does-james-gunn-fantasize-about-killing"},{"id":"47613688522422","title":"Wiseman Will Escape from New York","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Wiseman Will Escape from New YorkNow how about that Gears of War adaptation?by Jeff Giles | August 15, 2007 |  CommentsJust about two weeks ago, we discussed the rumor that Live Free or Die Hard director Len Wiseman was in line to helm the Escape from New York remake — and it looks like the rumormongers were onto something, because Variety is now reporting that Wiseman is indeed in final negotiations with New Line for the project.According to the report, the script is being written by Ken Nolan, who wrote Black Hawk Down, and the executive producers include Ori Marmur, Ron Halpern, Frederic Sichler, and — surprise! — John Carpenter himself. As we’ve known all along, 300‘s Gerard Butler will be taking over for Kurt Russell in the lead role.The article doesn’t mention a release date or share any details about how Nolan will be tweaking the original’s script, but we can safely expect a bigger effects budget, not to mention a more futuristic setting, as the first Escape was set in 1998.Source: Variety","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Valentine's, Crunchyroll, screen, blockbusters, dc, Grant, rt, psycho, Elton, Month, It, APB, indiana","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"wiseman-will-escape-from-new-york"},{"id":"47508829570194","title":"Lainie Kazan’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Lainie Kazan's Five Favorite Filmsby Kerr Lordygan | March 24, 2016 |  Comments(Photo by Theo Wargo / Getty Images)&nbsp;Lainie Kazan is a queen of stage and screen, with a bigger-than-life personality in her work and life alike. Her roles in Beaches, Cemetery Club, My Favorite Year,&nbsp;and&nbsp;My Big Fat Greek Wedding&nbsp;are sometimes more memorable than the films themselves. Kazan started out onstage at a very young age and began receiving public and critical acclaim for understudying and filling in for an ill Barbra Streisand in Funny Girl on Broadway in the 1960s. Now she’s at it again, with this week’s opening of&nbsp;My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2, reprising her hysterical role of&nbsp;Maria Portokalos. On the phone, Kazan was bubbly, charming, and warm with us when we asked her what five films she might consider her favorites. Here is what she said:Gone With the Wind (1939)  90%I saw it years ago and I was in the movie — as far as I was concerned, I was the star of the movie [laughs]. I so identified with her — with Olivia de Havilland. And Vivien Leigh. Oh, I was in the movie! It was a time that I wish I had been born but I didn’t want to be so uncomfortable, know what I mean? But I just love that time in history. I love the costumes. I thought the cinematography was extraordinary. For that time it was such a magnificent piece. And Clark Gable – I didn’t learn until much later that he had rotten teeth [laughs]. But I adored him. I was with the woman who played the baby. She passed away this past year. She was at a party that Esther Williams gave about two years ago, maybe three years ago. And she called me over to her and told me she loved my work and she told me she was the baby in Gone with the Wind. She was the little baby when they were running away from the fire. She was in the horse and buggy with the nanny.The Godfather, Part II (1974)  96%The whole [Godfather] series was brilliant. I loved all three of them. But my favorite was number two. I thought it was extraordinarily shot. I think the way Francis Coppola puts these incredible stories together where he has the juxtaposition of having people be killed while this incredible symphonic music is playing and some opera is taking place — it’s all an opera. I think the whole Godfather series is like one magnificent opera. I just think it’s one of the great movies of the century — since film making. I think he is a genius. I think he just captured the passion and the anger and the ignorance of the whole world of the Mafia, and what that meant — the Black Hand. He glamorized them in a way that made us want to know them, be there, experience it — even though it speaks of great danger. But there was something so enticing about their world, that whole world. And the people were such rich studies of character. Robert De Niro was the greatest he’d ever been, and of course, Pacino. Those performances – every single performance was genius. I loved the films. I even like the third one.GoodFellas (1990)  96%Don’t think I’m in love with the mob [laughs]. I think it has great humor even though it’s about killing and murder and the design of all that. There were wonderful humorous moments in that film and it came from such a real earthy place. The humor was so steeped in the truth — it was the truth. I tell you, I happen to know that world because I ran night clubs. I know that world very well. So I think it was such an incredible depiction of the mob and their lives and the horrible things — I mean Joe Pesci — he was so mean and so ignorant and so arrogant and yet you loved him. It’s very hard to do and it was really great. I was torn between that and Raging Bull. I think Goodfellas was more textured — a more interesting study of character. But Raging Bull has a high place in my best films. Goodfellas is very funny. It’s not in any way billed as a comic film, but it’s quite a phenomenal character study as well, with great humor. Godfather doesn’t have any humor in it, but that’s OK.The Graduate (1967)  87%The story, the acting was sublime. [Director] Mike Nichols did an incredible job. He just did such an amazing job. The story of the old woman and the young student was so new — we had never seen that onscreen, a depiction of that. Once again, I thought this was just a brilliant character study of these people. The story was extraordinary. I loved the relationship with Anne Bancroft and Dustin Hoffman. I just thought that was staggering. And Dustin Hoffman’s performance was so sweet, and he was so insecure and a mumbling fool in so many ways. And she was so seductive. You know, she was a counselor at my camp? She was a drama counselor. When I was nine, she was 17 or 18, and she came to the camp and I was the only one who really took to her of all my camp friends. She would have me lie on the ground and we’d be in this bunk — like in a rehearsal hall or something — she would have us lie on the floor and picture the sky and picture all the different things that could come from the sky [laughing]. She just inspired me. Then I watched her on The Goldbergs — not the new Goldbergs — but The Goldbergs with Molly Goldberg, the brilliant, brilliant television show in the 1950s. Then I saw her in The Graduate — I was a young woman — and I was just&nbsp; — oh my God, she was so beautiful. And I couldn’t believe I had known her. She inspired me to act, she really did. As did Francis Coppola. I went to college with him — Hofstra University. He was the person who wrote all the plays. He wrote the shows — all the original shows that I was the star of. I’d be hired to do all the shows that he had written and his uncle would write the music, so it was kind of great.Casablanca (1942)  99%I think it’s just such a romantic adventure and Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart&nbsp; — oh my God! And that dialogue is so iconic. Paul Henreid — I just loved all the people that were in it. And the lighting was so dramatic — the way it was shot. It was an iconic film, I just loved it.My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2&nbsp;opens tomorrow in wide release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Awards, Alien, Sci-Fi, Network, TV, Oscars, kids, Paquin, Cinematographers, Amazon, Rom-Com, Exclusive, Starz, Games, Pictures","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/22164937/lainine-rep.jpg","slug":"lainie-kazans-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47614049658711","title":"Sean Connery Earns AFI’s Highest Honor","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Sean Connery Earns AFI's Highest Honorby Scott Weinberg | November 11, 2005 |  CommentsThanks to ComingSoon.net for sharing a press release from the American Film Institute: Sir Sean Connery has been selected by the American Film Institute’s (AFI) Board of Trustees to receive the 34th AFI Life Achievement Award, the highest honor for a career in film, it was announced today by Sir Howard Stringer, chair of the AFI Board of Trustees.The award will be presented to Connery at a gala tribute in Los Angeles on June 8, 2006.\"Sir Sean Connery is an international film icon,\" said Stringer. \"Though best remembered for creating one of the great film heroes of all time, his talents transcend typecasting, and his body of work not only stands the test of time, but illuminates a career more extraordinary than James Bond himself. Sir Sean is an artist of the highest order, and AFI is honored to present him with its 34th Life Achievement Award.\"\"In Sir Sean, AFI has found a perfect honoree for its Life Achievement Award,\" added Bonnie Hammer, President, USA Network and SCI FI Channel. \"A celebration of his outstanding work guarantees a tribute as entertaining as it is deserved.\"USA Network will broadcast the 34th AFI Life Achievement Award tribute in June 2006. Bob Gazzale, who served as executive producer and writer of AFI’s Tributes to George Lucas, Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro, will continue in these roles.Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, Sean Connery grew up in a two-room flat, working odd jobs from a young age to earn extra money for his family. After three years in the navy he played football (soccer) semi-professionally, but it was his hobby of weightlifting that pushed him into the spotlight. Connery represented Scotland in the Mr. Universe pageant and shortly thereafter began to model. He finally caught the acting bug and entered the theater, touring with \"South Pacific.\"Connery first hit the big screen in \"Lilacs in the Spring,\" in 1954. He arrived to screens in America with \"Tarzan’s Greatest Adventure\" and \"Darby O’ Gill and the Little People,\" both in 1959.With a bit part in the 1962 WWII epic \"The Longest Day,\" he could have been lost amongst the film’s star-studded cast, but of course he wasn’t, and ‘James Bond’ was found. Harry Saltzman may have recognized Connery’s refined disposition, but it was Cubby Broccoli that glanced out the window and noticed this man slinking down a street in London, \"like a panther.\" It was then that he knew he had found Bond. And, though Ian Fleming‘s image of James Bond may not resemble Sean Connery, to the world he soon would be the iconic Bond of the big screen.Cast as Agent 007 in \"Dr. No,\" Connery inaugurated one of the longest-running series in film history. He starred as Bond in \"From Russia with Love,\" \"Goldfinger,\" \"Thunderball,\" \"You Only Live Twice,\" \"Diamonds are Forever\" and \"Never Say Never Again.\" His salary from \"Diamonds are Forever\" went to kick-start the Scottish International Education Trust, which helps many young Scottish students fund their education. The trust also funds a drama chair at Glasgow’s Strathclyde University.Connery later starred in Alfred Hitchcock‘s \"Marnie,\" as well as in such films as \"Woman of Straw,\" \"The Hill,\" \"The Red Tent,\" \"Murder on the Orient Express,\" \"The Wind and the Lion,\" \"The Man Who Would be King,\" \"Robin and Marian,\" \"A Bridge Too Far,\" \"Outland,\" \"Zardoz,\" \"Five Days One Summer,\" \"Meteor,\" \"The Name of the Rose,\" \"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade,\" \"The Russia House,\" \"The Hunt for Red October,\" \"Medicine Man,\" \"Rising Sun,\" \"Just Cause,\" \"First Knight\" and \"The Avengers.\"Connery headlined opposite Nicolas Cage in the 1996 summer blockbuster hit \"The Rock,\" and provided the voice and personality for the animated dragon in \"Dragonheart.\" He also led an all-star cast in Miramax’s \"Playing by Heart,\" working alongside Gena Rowlands, Angelina Jolie, Gillian Anderson and Dennis Quaid. Following, Connery produced Twentieth Century Fox’s thriller \"Entrapment,\" in which he starred opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones and then produced and starred in \"Finding Forrester\" which was directed by Gus Van Sant and co-starred newcomer Rob Brown. Connery next starred in \"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen,\" which was released in July 2003 by Twentieth Century Fox.In addition to receiving both the Best Supporting Actor Oscar and the Golden Globe Award in 1987 for his performance in \"The Untouchables,\" Connery has received numerous other accolades. They include, among others, the Legion d’Honneur and Commandeur des Arts et des Lettres (the highest honors given in France), and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Best Actor award for \"The Name of the Rose\" in 1987, as well as the Lifetime Achievement Award — special BAFTA silver mask presented by H.R.H. Princess Anne to a British actor or actress who has made an outstanding contribution to world cinema — presented in 1990.In 1995 he was presented with the Cecil B. DeMille Award for \"outstanding contribution to the entertainment field\" given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association at its annual Golden Globe Awards. In 1997, Connery was honored with a Gala Tribute by the Film Society of Lincoln Center for his lifetime career and, in April 1998, BAFTA honored him with their highest award, The British Academy Fellowship. In 1999, Connery was a Kennedy Center Honors recipient and in 2000 he was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the Queen’s New Year’s Honours List. Connery’s proudest moment, and in his mind, his greatest honor to date, came when he received the Freedom of the City of Edinburgh in 1991.The highest honor given for a career in film, the AFI Life Achievement Award was established by the AFI Board of Trustees on February 26, 1973. It is presented to a single honoree each year based on the following criteria as mandated through a resolution passed by the AFI Board of Trustees:\"The recipient should be one whose talent has in a fundamental way advanced the film art; whose accomplishment has been acknowledged by scholars, critics, professional peers and the general public; and whose work has stood the test of time.\"In 1993, the trustees extended the criteria to encompass \"individuals with active careers and work of significance yet to be accomplished.\"Sir Sean Connery joins an esteemed group of individuals who have been chosen for this distinguished honor since its inception in 1973.1973 John Ford1974 James Cagney1975 Orson Welles1976 William Wyler1977 Bette Davis1978 Henry Fonda1979 Alfred Hitchcock1980 James Stewart1981 Fred Astaire1982 Frank Capra1983 John Huston1984 Lillian Gish1985 Gene Kelly1986 Billy Wilder1987 Barbara Stanwyck1988 Jack Lemmon1989 Gregory Peck1990 Sir David Lean1991 Kirk Douglas1992 Sidney Poitier1993 Elizabeth Taylor1994 Jack Nicholson1995 Steven Spielberg1996 Clint Eastwood1997 Martin Scorsese1998 Robert Wise1999 Dustin Hoffman2000 Harrison Ford2001 Barbra Streisand2002 Tom Hanks2003 Robert De Niro2004 Meryl Streep2005 George Lucas","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Crackle, Yoda, poppins, Vudu, USA, Ghostbusters, science, Plus, Logo, TCA, Animation, books, films, YA","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"sean-connery-earns-afis-highest-honor"},{"id":"47509092096506","title":"Weekend Box Office Results: Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom‘s $150 Million Kicks Summer Into Overdrive","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekend Box Office Results: Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom's $150 Million Kicks Summer Into OverdriveThe dino sequel breaks back-to-back weekend record following on from Incredibles 2. Plus indie breakouts, bombs, and more on the weekend of June 22-24.by Todd Cunningham | June 24, 2018 |  Comments(Photo by © Universal)Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom thundered to $150 million in its North American box office opening this weekend, providing some major momentum for Hollywood’s sizzling summer.The dinos took a big bite out of last week’s top movie Incredibles 2, which&nbsp;fell 56% to $80.9 million; the Disney-Pixar film had a $182.7 million opening last weekend, the best-ever for an animated film. The back-to-back box office bonanzas are easily the biggest the movie industry has seen, well ahead of the $114 million booty Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End managed one weekend after Shrek the Third launched with $122.5 million in 2007, according to Box Office Mojo estimates.Incredibles 2 is now up to $350 million in 10 days domestically, topping the entire run of the 2004 original and making it the No. 3 film of the year behind Disney and Marvel’s Black Panther ($700 million) and Avengers: Infinity War ($670 million). The animated superhero flick added $57 million in its second week abroad, including a $21 million China debut at No. 2 behind Fallen Kingdom, to raise its foreign total to $134.7 million and global haul to $485 million.Fallen Kingdom‘s opening did not match the&nbsp;$208 million launch of Jurassic World in 2015 – at the time history’s biggest – but it will still make a healthy profit for Universal Pictures and Steven Spielberg’s Amblin Entertainment. It has already stomped to $561.5 million overseas and $711.5 million worldwide, thanks in part to a foreign campaign frontloaded to avoid World Cup soccer tournament.The thriller starring Chris Pratt, Dallas Bryce Howard, with a cameo from Jeff Goldblum, and directed by Spain’s J.A. Bayona (The Impossible) impressed fans more than critics, who had Fallen Kingdom at a ho-hum 50% on the Tomatometer. Its&nbsp;Audience Score&nbsp;is currently&nbsp;63% and it earned an A- CinemaScore.King of the Crop:&nbsp;Fallen Kingdom&nbsp;Continues 2018’s Strong Earnings(Photo by © Universal)The Fallen Kingdom haul eclipsed that of the entire top 12 on this weekend last year ($133 million) when Transformers: The Last Knight was tops with $44.6 million. Overall, the summer of 2018 is running 17% ahead of last year’s, the worst at the box office in more than a decade – and that’s with Ant-Man and the Wasp (July 6), Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again (July 20), and Mission Impossible – Fallout (July 27) still to come. The five Jurassic movies have taken in more than $4.35 billion, and with its fast start, Fallen Kingdom looks to have a solid shot at becoming the third Jurassic&nbsp;film to&nbsp;top $1 billion worldwide. With franchise films driving the global box office as never before, its success is welcomed in Hollywood. Last year, 59 franchise movies brought in $22.5 billion, according to FranchiseRe, a recently launched analytics and marketing firm. That’s four times the roughly $5 billion brought in by 80 non-franchise films.Fresh Surprise: Fred Rogers Enters the Top 10(Photo by Jim Judkis/ © Focus Features)Won’t You Be My Neighbor? cracked the top 10 with $1.87 million after expanding to 348 locations in its third week. The look at kids TV host Fred Rogers (99% Fresh on the Tomatometer) is at $4.1 million domestically for Focus Features and is on its way to joining RBG ($10.8 million total), another well-reviewed Sundance documentary (93%), as a summer hit.With rival studios steering clear of the Jurassic-Incredibles 2 smackdown, the rest of the top 10 looked a lot like last weekend, but several films passed benchmarks. Ocean’s 8 is up to $100.3 million for Warner Bros. after an $11.6 million third-place showing. Fox’s Deadpool 2 was fifth with $5.2 million and topped $304 million domestically and $700 million globally. This week it finished behind the R-rated comedy Tag, which fell off just 45% in its second week to come in fourth with $8.2 million. Solo: A Star Wars Story sputtered to $202 million domestically after adding $4 million for sixth.Beyond the Top Ten:&nbsp;Boundaries&nbsp;Opens Soft,&nbsp;The King&nbsp;Earns High Per-Screen HaulThings didn’t get better for Gotti.&nbsp;It dropped 59% in its second week for $812,000 and is at $3.25 million for Vertical Entertainment. Sony Pictures Classics resisted President Donald Trump’s calls to pull the Vera Farmiga-Christopher Plummer dramedy Boundaries (56% on the Tomatometer), after supporting actor Peter Fonda made offensive comments about the President’s son on Twitter. Fonda subsequently pulled the tweet and apologized, and Boundaries took in a tepid $30,395 from five theaters in New York and L.A.Eugene Jarecki’s documentary The King (2018) launched with $29,050 on just two screens, a strong $14,525 per screen average for Oscilloscope. Damsel, an indie Western starring Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska, generated a so-so $21,000 on three screens in its debut for Magnolia. IFC’s The Catcher Was a Spy, an R-rated drama starring Paul Rudd and Paul Giamatti, managed $122,494 from 49 screens for a soft $2,500 per screen average.On the Vine: Can Sicario: Day of the Soldado&nbsp;Repeat the original’s word-of-mouth success?(Photo by © Sony)Sony will soon see how its violent R-rated border saga sequel Sicario: Day of the Soldado&nbsp;(currently Fresh at 74% on the Tomatometer) will play against the backdrop of the real-life drama currently unfolding at the U.S.-Mexico line. Soldado opens Friday without Emily Blunt, but early looks suggest it’s as intense as the original that she starred in. The original&nbsp;Sicario&nbsp;opened wide modestly with $12 million in September of 2015 and built on strong reviews (93%) and positive word of mouth to hit $47 million domestically and $85 million worldwide. Uncle Drew, a Lionsgate/Summit comedy starring Shaquille O’Neal, Nick Kroll, and Tiffany Haddish, and directed by Charles Stone III, is the weekend’s only other wide opener.Another crowded weekend looms on the specialty front, however. Jessica Chastain plays Caroline Weldon in Woman Walks Ahead, an historical biography about a headstrong NY artist who sets out to meet Sitting Bull. Sam Rockwell costars in the A24-distributed drama directed by Susanna White. Also debuting Friday is The Cakemaker, which takes a sensitive look at Israeli-German relationships through the prism of a love triangle. Finally, Ruth Wilson stars as a young woman battling painful memories in director Clio Barnard’s Dark River from FilmRise.Four documentaries roll out next weekend. This Is Congo looks at the 2012 war and ensuing refugee crisis in the Republic of the Congo through the eyes of three survivors. Four documentaries roll out next weekend.&nbsp;This Is Congo&nbsp;looks at the 2012 war and ensuing refugee crisis in the Republic of the Congo through the eyes of three survivors.&nbsp;Game Changers&nbsp;is writer-director J. Craig Thompson’s look at TV game shows featuring interviews with several hosts and producers, hosted by Alex Trebek.&nbsp;Love Cecil takes a more refined approach in exploring the life of Oscar-winning costume designer (Gigi, My Fair Lady) Cecil Beaton and his controversial photography. Finally, Tim Wardie looks at identical triplets who learn of their existence only at the age of 19 in Three Identical Strangers.&nbsp;[Editor’s Note: This paragraph originally stated that&nbsp;The Game Changer, from&nbsp;The Cove&nbsp;director Louie Psihoyos, was opening on the weekend of July 29. We apologize for the error.]The Full Top 10: June 15-17Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom&nbsp;– $150 million domestic opening ($150 million domestic total)Incredibles 2&nbsp;– $80.9 million ($350.3 million)Ocean’s 8&nbsp;– $11.6 million ($100.3 million)Tag&nbsp;– $8.2 million ($30.3 million)Deadpool 2 – $5.2 million ($304.1 million)Solo: A Star Wars Story&nbsp;– $4 million ($202.1 million)Hereditary&nbsp;– $3.8 million ($35 million)Superfly&nbsp;– $3.3 million ($15.2 million)Avengers: Infinity War&nbsp;– $2.4 million ($669.4 million)Won’t You Be My Neighbor?&nbsp;– $1.87 million ($4.1 million)[box office figures via&nbsp;Box Office Mojo]","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"animated, talk, cinemax, Opinion, Christmas, History, leads, Skip, kids, Mary, The, Month","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/23112902/Jurassic-World-featured.jpg","slug":"weekend-box-office-results-jurassic-world-fallen-kingdoms-150-million-kicks-summer-into-overdrive"},{"id":"47508641802692","title":"24 Worst Hotels of Movies and Television","content":"24 Framesgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})24 Worst Hotels of Movies and Televisionby Alex Vo | October 6, 2015 |  CommentsBack for its fifth season, the newly branded American Horror Story: Hotel takes place at the fictional and&nbsp;haunted Cortez in Los Angeles, a place where the guests check in but they don’t check out. But at least Lady Gaga’s&nbsp;here! Anyways, it’s inspiring this week’s 24 Frames gallery, a look at some of the bloodiest and crappiest hotels from&nbsp;movie and TV history.1408Year: 2007Tomatometer: 79%The impermanence of hotels plays tricks on a writer’s mind, conjuring up images/stories of the place’s past with seedy characters, bad deeds, and leftover spirits…In this Stephen King adaptation, John Cusack plays a horror writer who investigates a purportedly haunted room at the Dolphin Hotel.The ShiningYear: 1980Tomatometer: 91%The king of haunted hotel movies. Stanley Kubrick’s enigmatic tour of the Overlook Hotel didn’t much impress the author, so a TV miniseries was issued in 1997 that faithfully adapted the original novel.GhostbustersYear: 1984Tomatometer: 97%There was a brief window in time when getting slimed was actually desirable (the early ’90s, when Double Dare was a thing) but not here. The Ghostbusters’ first major gig was at the Sedgewick Hotel where, after catastrophic chandelier damage, they bagged their inaugural ghoul.Barton FinkYear: 1991Tomatometer: 91%Welcome to the Hotel Earle. Accommodations include creepy bellhop (Steve Buscemi), obnoxious neighbor (John Goodman), open flames, and a murder. Oh, and symbolism. When would you like turndown service?PsychoYear: 1960Tomatometer: 96%The Bates Motel: A family operation conveniently located adjacent to your felony flight from the authorities.Bates MotelYear: 2013-presentTomatometer: 86%Starring Freddie Highmore and Vera Farmiga, the scintillating origins of the motel are revealed in A&amp;E’s breakout property, whose lease has been renewed to 2017.I Still Know What You Did Last SummerYear: 1998Tomatometer: 7%The majority of this slashy sequel’s action takes place in the Bahamas at a hotel where an unregistered guest is running around with a grudge and a knife hook.BugYear: 2006Tomatometer: 61%A chamber piece set in a gross hotel room in Oklahoma, about a tentative couple (Ashley Judd and Michael Shannon) with major problems.Like a psychological insect infestation.DagonYear: 2001Tomatometer: 56%Based on H.P. Lovecraft’s “The Shadow over Innsmouth,” this bawdy little tale of unrelenting cosmic terror is put up in a hotel, where a landlubber attempts to fight a tide of merfolk and the demon they worship.Fawlty TowersYear: 1975-79John Cleese’s first big success after Monty Python was playing the unhinged Basil Fawlty, proprietor of a reasonably shabby hotel with nerve-grating clientele and employees.Hot Tub Time MachineYear: 2010Tomatometer: 63%“Hey, you…get your damn hands out of the minibar. And don’t mess around with the hot tub unless you’re prepared to endure Dexys Midnight Runners all over again.”Four RoomsYear: 1996Tomatometer: 14%An omnibus comedy (with directors including Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez) starring Tim Roth as a bellhop for the Hotel Mon Signor. Roth endures a hostage situation, witches, and dead hookers on his first night on the job.Hostel, Hostel Part IIYear: 2006, 2007Tomatometer: 61%, 44%The hostel: A haven for young peeps to explore and score, or a front for a vast network of paying clients who chop up heavenly bodies for fun? Why not both?IdentityYear: 2003Tomatometer: 62%More higgledy-piggledy hotel fun with John Cusack! This time he’s trapped in a Nevada motel with nine other guests as they get killed one by one. J’accuse!Motel HellYear: 1980Tomatometer: 67%Multihyphenate Vincent Smith isn’t just the owner of the Motel Hello, he’s also a farmer and butcher, a man whose meat pies all the boys chase. The secret ingredient is love…and tender human flesh. His live victims are planted neck-deep in the ground with their vocal chords removed, and fed until ready to be cooked.Mystery TrainYear: 1989Tomatometer: 88%The Arcade Hotel in Memphis, Tennessee isn’t much to look at but the night clerk (Screamin’ Jay Hawkins) keeps the mood up for the tourists, drunks, and ghost of Elvis Presley that come through there.Oldboy, OldboyYear: 2005 and 2013 respectivelyTomatometer: 80% and 41% disrespectfullyFeels like that champagne is taking a while to get here… Both the Korean original and the Spike Lee remake of Oldboy start with a man locked in a hotel room for over a decade, and follow his quest for revenge after release.Guest House ParadisoYear: 1999A movie vehicle for former comedy duo Rik Mayall and Ade Edmondso, they star as managers of the lousiest guest house in the United Kingdom. Nearby is a nuclear plant, which causes a projectile vomit scene.Guests include Simon Pegg, Bill Nighy, and Vincent Cassel.The InnkeepersYear: 2012Tomatometer: 79%Pat Healy and Sara Paxton play two ghost-hunt freaks employed at the Yankee Pedlar Inn. But the hotel is closing for good and on its last weekend the innkeepers get one last chance for a close encounter with the spirits that reside there…Nightmare on the 13th FloorYear: 1990USA Network offered up Nightmare on the first Halloween of the ’90s. It’s set in Los Angeles at the Wessex Hotel and features an ax murderer, Satanic panic, and Louise Fletcher.Schitt’s CreekYear: 2015A disgraced wealthy couple lose all their money and are forced to move to Schitt’s Creek, a town which they purchased as a joke in 1991, and take up residence in an embarrassing motel with their adult kids.Doctor WhoYear: 2006-presentTomatometer: 89%In 2011 episode “The God Complex,” the good Doctor is transported to a 1980s Earth hotel, whose layout shifts constantly and each room feeds upon the deepest fears of the guests trapped there. Predictably the lodge is run by a minotaur, who is probably buddies with Torgo from Manos: The Hands of Fate.VacancyYear: 2007Tomatometer: 56%Bad signs about The Pine View motel: it’s in the middle of nowhere, the night clerk has a mustache, and instead of HBO, you get tapes of snuff movies that were filmed in your room. That’s disgusting! VHS?!The Wicker ManYear: 1973Tomatometer: 90%“Free” is the word at the Green Man Inn: free love, free internet (probably — 1973 was a gentler time), and free virgin sacrifice.","section":"24 Frames","tags":"children's, slashers, service, disaster","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/600TheShining.jpg","slug":"24-worst-hotels-of-movies-and-television"},{"id":"47614859263181","title":"Warner Bros. Planning a Remake of \"The Dirty Dozen\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Warner Bros. Planning a Remake of \"The Dirty Dozen\"by Scott Weinberg | July 6, 2007 |  CommentsAt first I was completely annoyed when I read the news. Then I heard who was writing the remake, and I felt a little bit better.It’ll be Zak Penn writing the new rendition of \"The Dirty Dozen.\" The screenwriter started out with a \"story by\" credit on 1993’s \"Last Action Hero.\" Since then he’s written (or co-written) \"PCU,\" \"Inspector Gadget,\" \"Behind Enemy Lines,\" \"X-Men 2,\" \"Suspect Zero,\" and \"X-Men: The Last Stand.\" He also directed \"Incident at Loch Ness\" and the upcoming \"The Grand.\"No word yet on who’ll be directing the remake of the 1967 Robert Aldrich classic, but it should be interesting once the casting reports start rolling in. (The original starred Lee Marvin, Charles Bronson, Ernest Borgnine, and a whole bunch of colorful jailbirds turned war heroes. Definintely give it a rent if you’ve never seen it!)Source: Variety","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"78th, 24, halloween, obituary, Geo","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"warner-bros-planning-a-remake-of-the-dirty-dozen"},{"id":"47509122881318","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Resident Evil: Retribution Shoots to #1","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Resident Evil: Retribution Shoots to #1Finding Nemo, The Possession round out the top three.by Gitesh Pandya | September 16, 2012 |  CommentsThis weekend, two new 3D films from well-known brands led a box office rebound after last week’s atrocious performance as the action sequel Resident Evil: Retribution opened at number one followed by the re-release of Finding Nemo 3D which settled for the runner-up spot. But despite the arrival of a pair of very different new films, the overall marketplace remained in the doldrums suffering double digit losses compared to the same frame from the last few years.Opening well in the top spot, Sony’s Resident Evil: Retribution took the box office crown with an estimated $21.1M from 3,012 locations for a good $7,005 average, helped by higher prices from 3D and IMAX screens. The R-rated fifth chapter in the decade-old sci-fi action series became the fourth consecutive film in the franchise to open at number one – always in the month of September when competition is light.However, the latest Alice adventure did suffer a 21% drop from the $26.7M bow of 2010’s Afterlife which was also in 3D. In terms of admissions, it was the lowest performance ever in the Milla Jovovich series. Audience erosion is common for franchises heading into their fifth installments – if they get that far – and consumers have become less impressed with 3D now.Studio research showed that 64% of the audience was male and 55% was over 25. Reviews were weak and the CinemaScore grade was a disappointing C+ so the usual fast fade is likely next weekend. Retribution did make good use of the extra dimension as 66% of the gross came from 3D plus IMAX and other large-format screens.But the main reason new Resident Evil films get financed is that they make a killing overseas. Afterlife grossed a stellar $296M worldwide (by far the best in the series) with a towering 80% coming from outside of North America. Retribution is well on its way towards the same lofty levels thanks to its debut in 50 territories this weekend which grossed an estimated $50M, up 28% from the debuts from the same markets from that last installment. Japan led the way with $10.3M (15% bigger than Afterlife and bigger than The Avengers and The Dark Knight Rises) followed by Russia with $8.5M (20% better). Not all markets were eager to see Alice again. Korea debuted to $2.4M (25% less than Afterlife) while Australia bowed to a weak $1.5M (down 23%). Most Asian and Latin American markets, however, saw Retribution open better than Afterlife.Disney’s latest effort to mine its lucrative library for more cash came in the form of the 3D re-release of Pixar’s Finding Nemo which debuted in second place with an estimated $17.5M from 2,904 locations for a commendable $6,028 average. The G-rated modern classic did about half the business that the Mouse House saw a year ago this weekend with its 3D upgrade for The Lion King which bowed at number one with $30.2M on its way to $94.2M. Instead, Nemo was in the same neighborhood as January’s Beauty and the Beast 3D release which debuted to $17.8M heading to a $47.6M finish. The idea of re-releasing a 3D version of a popular blockbuster from recent decades has become more common and no longer as special as it was even just one year ago.The fish flick raised its lifetime domestic gross to $357.2M and climbed up three notches to number 21 on the list of all-time blockbusters just ahead of Jurassic Park. Spielberg’s 1993 dinosmash, of course, sold plenty of more tickets. Pixar next has Monsters, Inc. on deck for the 3D treatment with its re-release set for this holiday season on December 19 which hopes to reinvigorate the brand ahead of next summer’s prequel, Monsters University. The first five films from the computer animation pioneer have all been getting 3D re-releases with the notable exception of 1998’s A Bug’s Life, the company’s lowest grosser. Disney will revert back to its traditional archives for this weekend next year with its 3D upgrade to 1989’s The Little Mermaid swimming into theaters.Two-time chart-topper The Possession fell to third place but once again posted a hold that was quite impressive for a horror film. The Lionsgate release grossed an estimated $5.8M, off just 38%, boosting the 17-day cume to $41.2M. It has taken advantage of a major void in the marketplace for fright films. Also staying sturdy in its third round was the crime drama Lawless which slipped only 30% to an estimated $4.2M giving The Weinstein Co. $30.1M to date.The rest of the films in the top ten fell within a tight $600,000 range so chart rankings may change when final numbers are reported on Monday. Focus saw its toon ParaNorman dip just 28% to an estimated $3M while Lionsgate’s action sequel The Expendables 2 fell 39% to the same gross. Totals are $49.3M and $80.3M, respectively.Declining by a reasonable 39% in its second weekend was the Bradley Cooper drama The Words with an estimated $2.9M for a $9.2M sum after ten days for CBS Films. Universal’s spy sequel The Bourne Legacy took in an estimated $2.9M as well, off 28%, for a $107.8M total. Dipping 31% to an estimated $2.5M was Disney’s family film The Odd Life of Timothy Green and rounding out the top ten was Will Ferrell’s comedy The Campaign with an estimated $2.4M, dropping 29%. Cumes stand at $46.3M and $82.9M.Updated domestic/worldwide totals for some of the summer’s biggest hits are $622.2M/$1.51B for The Avengers, $441M/$1.06B for The Dark Knight Rises, $217.4M/$406.4M for Ted, $215.6M/$620.3M for Madagascar 3, and $157.9M/$838.9M for Ice Age: Continental Drift.Generating a jaw-dropping gross in its platform debut, Paul Thomas Anderson’s new drama The Master lured in an estimated $730,000 from only five runs in New York and Los Angeles giving it an eye-popping $146,000 average per theater. That was enough to break the record for biggest opening weekend average for a regular live-action release easily beating out the $130,749 of last May’s Moonrise Kingdom from Wes Anderson. The five theaters reported sell outs everyday and most triple-screened the film (16 screens total) offering up to 14 showtimes daily to accommodate the large arthouse crowds that were expected for the filmmaker’s follow-up to There Will Be Blood which was a major Oscar contender five years ago and won Daniel-Day Lewis his second Best Actor statue.The Master, starring Joaquin Phoenix as a disenfranchised soldier and Philip Seymour Hoffman as the charismatic cult leader who takes him in, stormed in with an avalanche of film festival buzz thanks to awards in Venice and a big premiere in Toronto. Strong reviews and a well-respected cast also helped. Moonrise Kingdom followed a similar strategy when it opened Cannes last May and then quickly followed with a U.S. platform debut ahead of a very lucrative summer run that has now brought it up to $44.9M. The Master, however, does not have the mainstream appeal of Moonrise and so venturing outside the safety of the arthouse crowd will be a challenge. The Weinstein Co. hopes to leverage the opening weekend’s success as it goes nationwide this Friday into 600-800 theaters, an aggressive move for a specialty title.Also faring well in its limited bow was the corporate thriller Arbitrage starring Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon with an estimated $2.1M from only 197 playdates for a solid $10,508 average. The R-rated Roadside Attractions release earned good reviews. Panned by film critics was the war veteran drama Last Ounce of Courage which debuted to an estimated $1.7M from 1,407 theaters for a feeble $1,214 average for Rocky Mountain.Elsewhere among notable releases, Paramount followed its one-week IMAX run with a conventional release for the remastered version of Raiders of the Lost Ark and collected an estimated $400,000 from 322 locations for a mild $1,242 average. The 31-year-old adventure film has banked $2.8M during this re-release. The Indiana Jones series debuts on Blu-ray this Tuesday. The controversial non-fiction pic 2016 Obama?s America broke the $30M mark this weekend and ranks as the second highest-grossing political documentary of all-time after Michael Moore’s 2004 juggernaut Fahrenheit 9/11. It has also passed the nature flick Chimpanzee and the music pic Katy Perry: Part Of Me to become the top-grossing doc of any kind this year.The top ten films grossed an estimated $65.4M which was down 21% from last year when The Lion King 3D debuted at number one with $30.2M; and down 23% from 2010 when The Town opened on top with $23.8M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"stand-up, dceu, Fantasy","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Resident-Evil-Retribution-Shoots-to-1"},{"id":"47509039697943","title":"Video: Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller Talk Burnt","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller Talk Burntby Grae Drake | October 30, 2015 |  CommentsThe stars of Burnt, Bradley Cooper and Sienna Miller, play a round of “You Say Tomato…”, then debate whether or not to eat before seeing this film, and reveal the comfort foods that they like to cook themselves.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"vampires, Trophy, 007, Black, caribbean, teaser, Awards, Amazon, Classic, Mary, Pictures","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/30195100/Burnt-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-bradley-cooper-and-sienna-miller-talk-burnt"},{"id":"47508767801908","title":"Critics Consensus: Non-Stop is a Bumpy Ride","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Non-Stop is a Bumpy RidePlus, Son of God is less than heavenly.by Tim Ryan | February 27, 2014 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a turbulent flight (Non-Stop, starring Liam Neeson and Julianne Moore) and the greatest story ever told (Son of God, starring Diogo Morgado and Greg Hicks). What do the critics have to say?Non-Stop 62%Having proven his tough-guy bona fides on the streets of Paris (Taken), in the desert (The A-Team), across the wolf-infested tundra (The Grey), and on the sea (Battleship), Liam Neeson brings his unflappable demeanor (and his unforgiving fists) to the skies in Non-Stop. Critics say the result is reasonably entertaining but utterly preposterous, with a few good fight scenes and a couple groan-worthy plot twists. On a flight from New York to London, federal air marshal Bill Marks (Neeson) receives a text informing him that a passenger will be killed every 20 minutes unless $150 million is deposited into a secure bank account. The pundits say Non-Stop benefits immeasurably from Neeson’s hard-bitten presence, but its implausible plot proves distracting over the long haul. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down Neeson’s best-reviewed films.)Son Of God 21%The life of Jesus has inspired filmmakers since the dawn of cinema, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t new ways of telling even the most familiar of stories. Unfortunately, critics say Son of God is well-meaning but dramatically inert, a film that recounts the major events of the Gospels without delving more deeply into Jesus’ message. Son of God is an abridged version of the History Channel’s 10-hour miniseries The Bible starring Diogo Morgado as the King of Kings; you probably know the broad outlines of the story by now. The pundits say Son of God‘s greatest hits approach fails to generate much heat or passion.Also opening this week in limited release:The Oscar-nominated animated feature Ernest &amp; Célestine, about the friendship between a mouse and a bear, is at 100 percent.The Lunchbox, starring Irfan Khan in a romantic dramedy about an unwitting penpal relationship between a neglected housewife and a lonely widower, is at 96 percent.Two Lives, starring Liv Ullmann in a drama about a woman whose past comes to light with the fall of the Berlin Wall, is at 86 percent.Fatal Assistance, a documentary about the troubled relief effort in the wake of the 2009 Haiti earthquake, is at 71 percent.Stalingrad, an IMAX 3D epic about the brutal World War II battle, is at 48 percent.Almost Human, a sci-fi horror flick about a man who returns to earth after being abducted by aliens, is at 42 percent.Odd Thomas, starring Anton Yelchin and Willem Dafoe in a supernatural thriller about a small town resident with the ability to see ghosts, is at 29 percent.HairBrained, starring Brendan Fraser and Parker Posey in a comedy about the friendship between a precocious teen and a fortysomething slacker at a small liberal arts college, is at 22 percent.The Bag Man, starring John Cusack and Robert De Niro in a thriller about a crook hired to make a delivery to a powerful crime lord, is at 9 percent.Chlorine, starring Vincent D’Onofrio and Kyra Sedgwick in a dramedy about a banker who scams a tennis pro in an upscale suburb, is at zero percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Trivia, WarnerMedia, Showtime, talk, BAFTA, marvel, Disney+, monster, Fox, Shudder, color, TCA, Tyler","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-Non-Stop-is-a-Bumpy-Ride"},{"id":"47508656009798","title":"11 TV Series You Should Binge-Watch This May","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})11 TV Series You Should Binge-Watch This MayPose, Mythic Quest, The Girlfriend Experience, In Treatment, and more Fresh titles you should catch up on before enjoying a new season coming this month.by Benjamin Lindsay | May 4, 2021 |  CommentsSummer 2021 is right around the corner, and that can only mean one thing: summer TV is, too! While you may not be spending as much time at seasonal soirées or other public gatherings this summer, now over a year into the pandemic, TV production has adapted and picked back up nearly full steam ahead. Now we’ve got new installments of Pose, Shrill, High School Musical: The Musical: The Series, and more to show for it.&nbsp;Time to get to watching! 78% The Girlfriend Experience (Starz)What it is:&nbsp;Based on Steven Soderbergh’s 2009 vignette-filled feature film of the same name, The Girlfriend Experience is an anthology drama series about the unexpected and complicated lives of sex workers. Season 1 follows a law student named Christine Reade (Riley Keogh) who moonlights in the profession.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;The Girlfriend Experience is about much more than its elevator pitch implies. Ultimately, it’s a meditation on feminist power, on the relationship between sex and manipulation, and the moral ambiguities of its protagonists’ careers (and those who employ them). Rich with finely realized performances and void of an imposing male gaze, the series’ first two seasons packed an emotional wallop while making you think. Season 3 premiered on May 2 — after a much-too-long hiatus — on Starz.Where to watch:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 14 hours (for the first 2 seasons) 98% Pose (FX)What it is:&nbsp;From creators Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Steven Canals, Pose depicts New York City’s ballroom and voguing scene of the 1980s and early ’90s with sickening pageantry, tea-spilling drama, and high fashions for the gods.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Pose made waves upon its premiere by being the largest-ever ensemble cast of transgender actors playing trans characters on TV. But aside from its progressive stamp of approval for onscreen representation, it’s also just damn good (and soapy) TV — expertly acted, written, and directed, and unafraid to tackle LGBTQIA+ issues that we’ve never seen explored on television before. The third and final season premiered on&nbsp;May 2 on FX.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNOW, Google Play, Microsoft, Netflix, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx.&nbsp;16 hours (for the first two seasons) 97% Mythic Quest (Apple TV+)What it is:&nbsp;From creators (and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia vets) Charlie Day, Megan Ganz, and Rob McElhenney (who also stars), Mythic Quest: Raven’s Banquet is a traditional workplace comedy in that it features an overbearing, self-involved, and oft-clueless boss overseeing a team of quirky misfits. But by placing it in the unexplored setting of a hit video game production company, it’s a fun look behind the curtain of the ever-growing world of fanboys and fangirls alike.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;McElhenney is in top comedic (and physical) form as the boss of Mythic Quest, but it’s the ensemble of both sitcom regulars and new faces that keeps you coming back for more. Charlotte Nicdao in particular co-leads as a disgruntled, undervalued employee and manages to humanize her neuroticism to endearing and hilarious effect. Season 2 premieres May 7 on Apple TV+.Where to watch:&nbsp;Apple TV+Commitment:&nbsp;Approx. 5.5&nbsp;hours (for the first season and Everlight special) 87% Shrill (Hulu)What it is:&nbsp;Based on the hit book by Lindy West and co-created by Alexandra Rushfield and Aidy Bryant (who also stars), this series puts a feminist, body-positive spin on the classic workplace drama as our hero Annie Easton (Bryant) finds her voice as a journalist and learns to love herself in unexpected ways.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Saturday Night Live stalwart Bryant is finally given a star-making vehicle with Shrill, which earnestly and humorously portrays the daily micro-aggressions plus-size women face in the office and beyond. The third and final season premieres May 7 on Hulu.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW, Google Play, Hulu, Microsoft, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 7 hours (for the first two seasons) 80% High School Musical: The Musical: The Series (Disney+)What it is:&nbsp;In a turn that’s as meta as it is nostalgic for a certain millennial set, High School Musical: The Musical: The Series follows a group of high school students at the school where the famous Disney trilogy was filmed. When they decide to put on the stage version of that musical as their fall production, drama onstage and off, of course, ensues.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;More than just a nostalgic push, this series from creator Tim Federle hits all the right notes with a young cast of breakout, triple-threat talent ready to entertain a whole new generation. Plus, we have it on good authority that season 2 will feature musically gifted guests from Broadway and beyond that will leave fans clamoring for more. Season 2 premieres May 14 on Disney+.Where to watch:&nbsp;Disney+Commitment:&nbsp;Approx. 5 hours (for the first season) 98% Special (Netflix)What it is:&nbsp;Creator Ryan O’Connell puts a televisual spin on his 2015 memoir, I’m Special: And Other Lies We Tell Ourselves, with this acclaimed 2019 series. He stars as Ryan Hayes, a gay man with cerebral palsy who slowly learns to branch out from under his mother’s insulating wing to pursue the life that he’s always wanted. Jessica Hecht and Punam Patel co-star.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;This micro-dramedy packs more heart into its 15-minute runtime than most well-regarded series could hope to today — and it’s got four Emmy nominations for its first season to prove it! Season 2 premieres May 20 on Netflix.Where to watch:&nbsp;NetflixCommitment:&nbsp;Approx.&nbsp;2 hours (for the first season) - - The Chi (Showtime)What it is:&nbsp;Created by Master of None Emmy winner Lena Waithe, this Showtime series portrays the city’s South Side neighborhood as a tapestry of want and need, violence and love, and altogether human when our central heroes are brought together in unexpected ways after one life- and community-altering event.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;The Chi is an unflinching and authentic coming-of-age drama boasting some of the best actors and writers — well-known and otherwise — working today. In a time when racial violence still devastates minority communities and permeates our headlines, it offers a timely look at some of the social issues being debated today while still being nuanced, character-driven entertainment. Season 4 premieres May 23 on Showtime.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNow, Google Play, Microsoft, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 30 hours (for the first three seasons) 89% In Treatment (HBO)What it is:&nbsp;Based on the acclaimed Israeli series of the same name, In Treatment follows a psychotherapist who meets with a new patient each day of the week; on Fridays, he seeks treatment for himself with a previously estranged therapist played by Dianne Wiest.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;The original three seasons (which ran from 2008–2010) are HBO-minted in its peak era and form. Snagging Golden Globe, Emmy, and Writers Guild awards, Gabriel Byrne’s leading performance as Dr. Paul Weston and an ensemble of patients and colleagues (including a stunning Wiest) make it must-watch TV of yesteryear. To see Uzo Aduba coming up in the driver’s seat on this new season will be a special treat that you should certainly catch up for. Season 4 premieres May 23 on HBO.Where to watch:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNow,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;HBO Max,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 53 hours (for the first three seasons) 95% Mr Inbetween (FX)What it is:&nbsp;Based on his own 2005 feature film, The Magician, Scott Ryan created and stars on Mr Inbetween as the anti-heroic Ray Shoesmith, a father, ex-husband, boyfriend, best friend — and hitman — of many shades.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;If you’re looking for a pitch-black comedy with outback Australian flare rooted in a bulletproof leading performance — well, what you’re looking for is Mr Inbetween. The third and final season premieres May 25 on FX.Where to watch:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNow,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 8.5 hours (for the first two seasons) 91% The Bold Type (Freeform)What it is:&nbsp;With industry-specific dramas pulled directly from Cosmopolitan editor-in-chief (and series executive producer) Joanna Coles’ decades-spanning career, The Bold Type follows the day-to-day adventures of three millennial New Yorkers and best friends who work together at the fictional fashion magazine Scarlet.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;From Ugly Betty to The Devil Wears Prada, the New York fashion magazine and media industry has proven a fine playing field for high-stakes drama and fantastic wardrobes. The Bold Type dives right in and still finds ways to make this well-documented world newly exciting. That’s largely thanks to a stellar cast led by Katie Stevens as Jane Sloan, one-third of the BFF and co-worker trio that also includes Aisha Dee as Kat Edison and Meghann Fahy as Sutton Brady. The fifth and final season premieres May 26 on Freeform.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNow, Google Play, Hulu, Microsoft, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 33 hours (for the first four seasons) 90% The Kominsky Method (Netflix)What it is:&nbsp;Chuck Lorre knows TV, but we’ve never seen The Big Bang Theory and Two and a Half Men mastermind tackle something quite like The Kominsky Method, a half-hour, single-cam comedy that follows an aging acting coach and his agent in contemporary Hollywood. Both a stinging comedy on the industry’s lasting truths and a revealing, humorous look at men of a certain age, the series racked up two Golden Globes for its first season, including Best Musical or Comedy Television Series.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Few things have been more satisfying over the last few years than watching Hollywood heavy-hitters deliver career-best work on the small and streaming screen. Among them are Oscar winners Michael Douglas and Alan Arkin as the central Sandy Kominsky and his longtime agent and friend Norman Newlander, respectively. The pair’s rat-a-tat everyman rapport goes down easy, even when they’re not on their best behavior. The third and final season (which will air without Arkin) premieres May 28 on Netflix.Where to watch:&nbsp;NetflixCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 8 hours (for the first two seasons)On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"Films, TV, popular, new, awards, movies, a, globes","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/04172803/BINGE_GUIDE-may-2021-600X314.jpg","slug":"tv-series-you-should-binge-watch-this-may-2021"},{"id":"47508867418607","title":"Five Favorite Films with Hellboy‘s Mike Mignola","content":"\n\n                                            Five Favorite Films\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Five Favorite Films with Hellboy's Mike Mignola\n                        Horror meets art for the Hellboy comics creator.\n                        by Jen Yamato | November 12, 2008                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                Hellboy creator Mike Mignola first saw his trademark comic book character make the leap from page to screen in 2004’s critically-acclaimed adaptation of the same name, helmed by fantasy auteur Guillermo del Toro. After co-writing two direct-to-DVD animated Hellboy films (one of which was nominated for a Primetime Emmy), Mignola reunited with comrade-in-arms del Toro to pen an original sequel to their successful first Hellboy film, infusing the familiar world of the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense with a distinctly folkloric twist. The result, Hellboy II: The Golden Army, opened this summer to a Certified Fresh 88 percent Tomatometer score and comes to DVD this week.\nRT spoke with Mike Mignola to learn his Five Favorite Films of all time, which appropriately span the cinematic landscape where art meets horror. (Stay tuned for Guillermo del Toro’s Five Favorite Films to see which beloved movie both Hellboy artists share in common!)\n\n\nBride of Frankenstein (1935, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s just the greatest monster movie ever made. It’s so much weirder than it needed to be; in a way it’s kind of like Hellboy, where the first Hellboy movie was like, kind of normal, for what it was, but the second movie was so much weirder because the director was like, well I got that studio picture out of my system, now I’ll just go crazy. That’s what Bride of Frankenstein was like. It’s like a monster art film.\n\n\n\nBeauty and the Beast (1946, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nJean Cocteau’s Beauty and the Beast — because it’s just the greatest, weird, fantasy art film ever.\n\n\n\nMoby Dick (1956, 90% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI moved to New York in 1982, and I didn’t know any of those kind of people but that kind of world was going on. It’s a brilliant film; the poetry of the language and everything else — it’s just a great film about art. \n\nHenry V (1989, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nKenneth Branagh‘s Henry V. Because it’s just a perfect mix of that great Shakespeare dialogue, with the music and the tone of everything, and the drama…it was just perfect.\n\n\n\n \nClick for behind-the-scenes images from Hellboy II.For more on Hellboy II: The Golden Army, click here.\n                                            \n                \n            ","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"french, worst, song, nfl, thirty, USA, Christmas, documentaries, Dark, Arts, YouTube, Month, book, finale, movie","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/MikeMignola.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-hellboys-mike-mignola"},{"id":"47508886008468","title":"Now Streaming: Lawrence of Arabia, Insomnia, And More","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: Lawrence of Arabia, Insomnia, And Moreby RT Staff | September 8, 2015 |  CommentsThis week in streaming video, we’ve got a little something for everyone, whether you’re looking for award winners, horror flicks, indie hits, documentaries, or sitcoms. Read on for the full list.New on Netflix:&nbsp;Lawrence of Arabia (1962)  93%Peter O’Toole and Omar Sharif lead an all-star cast in David Lean’s historical epic based on the life of T.E. Lawrence, a British military officer who spent significant time in the Arabian peninsula during World War I and forged alliances with the desert tribes present there at the time. The film won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director.Available now on: NetflixInsomnia (2002)  92%Christopher Nolan’s Certified Fresh remake of the Norwegian thriller of the same name stars Al Pacino as an Alaskan detective who mistakenly shoots his partner while in pursuit of a dangerous killer and Robin Williams as the killer himself, who witnesses the crime and knows the truth.Available now on: NetflixUp in the Air (2009)  90%George Clooney stars as Ryan Bingham, who has accumulated big frequent flyer mileage from his company, which tasks him with firing people in person. But when the corporation cuts back on travel, will Bingham still cross paths with a fellow traveler (Vera Farmiga)?Available now on: NetflixThe Blair Witch Project (1999)  86%Full of creepy campfire scares, mock-doc The Blair Witch Project keeps audiences in the dark about its titular villain — thus proving that imagination can be as scary as anything onscreen.Available now on: NetflixPerson Of Interest: Season 3 (2013)  100%Jim Caviezel and Michael Emerson star in this CBS sci-fi drama about an ex-CIA agent who teams up with a scientist to stop crimes before they take place. Seasons one through three are available to stream now.Available now on: NetflixPrivate Parts (1997)  75%Based on the eponymous autobiography by Howard Stern, this Certified Fresh comedy looks at the shock jock’s life, beginning with childhood and recounting his budding career and private life.Available now on: NetflixBig Fish (2003)  75%Tim Burton’s adaptation of Daniel Wallace’s novel tells the story of a father whose propensity for tall tales has driven a wedge between himself and his son.Available now on: NetflixTime Lapse (2015)  78%This time travel thriller follows a painter who discovers a machine that captures images from 24 hours in the future.Available now on: NetflixHamlet (1990)  76%Franco Zeffirelli’s take on the classic Shakespearean tragedy stars Mel Gibson as the titular Prince of Denmark, Alan Bates as the evil Claudius, Ian Holm as Polonius, and Helena Bonham-Carter as the ill-fated Ophelia.Available now on: NetflixZathura: A Space Adventure (2005)  76%Zathura tells the tale of a pair of squabbling brothers who must learn to work together after they are transported into space while playing the titular board game; Kristen Stewart, Josh Hutcherson, and Tim Robbins star.Available now on: NetflixThe League: Season 6 (2014)  100%The sixth season of FX’s popular ensemble sitcom&nbsp;about fantasy football, starring Mark Duplass, Paul Scheer, and Nick Kroll arrives on Netflix this week.Available now on: NetflixBeavis and Butt-head Do America (1996)  72%Uh huh-huh-huh, they said “do.” Uh huh-huh-huh.Available now on: NetflixFido (2007)  72%A sly mash-up of Lassie and Night of the Living Dead, Fido is a goofy, gory zombie spoof that stars Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson.Available now on: NetflixHitch (2005)  69%Will Smith stars as a legendary “date doctor” who’s playing matchmaker for a schlub (Kevin James) and his celebrity crush (Amber Valletta) while wooing a gossip columnist (Eva Mendes).Available now on: NetflixThe Crucible (1996)  68%Daniel Day-Lewis and Winona Ryder star in this adaptation of the Arthur Miller play about a woman accused of witchcraft in 1690s Salem, Massachusetts, who then levels charges of her own against her accusers.Available now on: NetflixSleepy Hollow (1999)  69%Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, and Christopher Walken star in Tim Burton’s take on the classic tale of Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman.Available now on: NetflixNew&nbsp;on Amazon Prime:&nbsp;Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter (2015)  88%Rinko Kikuchi stars in this Certified Fresh drama about a woman who leaves behind her life in Japan to search for the buried cash in Fargo.Available Thursday (9/10)&nbsp;on: Amazon PrimeI Am Big Bird: The Caroll Spinney Story (2015)  84%This documentary looks at the man behind two of Sesame Street‘s most beloved characters: Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch.Available now on: Amazon PrimeDeli Man (2015)  82%This documentary about an innovative delicatessen in Houston explores the history and importance of Jewish delis.Available now on: Amazon PrimeNew on HBO Now:&nbsp;Wild (2014)  88%Wild stars Reese Witherspoon in the story of a woman reeling from the death of her mother and her recent divorce who decides to walk the entire Pacific Crest Trail by herself in an attempt to get back on track.Available now on:&nbsp;HBO NowNew on Fandor&nbsp;Madadayo (2000)  87%Legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa’s final film, Madadayo&nbsp;recounts the final years in the life of a beloved professor, whose students help take care of him and celebrate his birthdays with him.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorNew on Hulu&nbsp;The Awesomes: Season 3 (2015) This Hulu original animated comedy centers on a young group of superheroes who attempt to fill the shoes of a legendary team after they call it quits. Seth Meyers, Rashida Jones, Kenan Thompson and more lend their voices.Available now on: HuluAvailable for Purchase&nbsp;Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015)  76%This time out, the Avengers — whose ranks include Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) — are pitted against Ultron (voiced by James Spader), a powerful robot with dangerous beliefs about the best way to achieve world peace.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, VuduThe Mend (2015)  78%Josh Lucas stars in a dartk comedy about a man who stirs up dysfunction when he crashes on his brother’s couch.Available now on:&nbsp;iTunes, VuduThe Overnight (2015)  82%Taylor Schilling, Adam Scott, Jason Schwartzman star in this Certified Fresh comedy about a young couple who get more than they bargain for when they accept a dinner invitation from married swingers.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes, VuduPaper Planes (2015)  85%Sam Worthington stars in this drama about a young Australian boy who strives to compete in the World Paper Plane Championships competition in Japan.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes, VuduThe Nightmare (2015)  67%This documentary/horror film features interviews with people who suffer from sleep paralysis.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes, Vudu","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"TV, Film, Cosplay, politics, Tarantino, Swim, Marvel, Dates","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/LawrenceArabiaStreaming.jpg","slug":"now-streaming-lawrence-of-arabia-insomnia-and-more"},{"id":"47614295712721","title":"ANOTHER \"Thunderball\" Remake??","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})ANOTHER \"Thunderball\" Remake??by Scott Weinberg | June 30, 2006 |  CommentsMovie producer Kevin McClory owns \"some\" of the rights to the old-school Bond classic \"Thunderball,\" which explains why, several years ago, he was able to mount a Bond semi-remake called \"Never Say Never Again\" over at WB. Bond purists don’t really consider it an actual part of the series, but hey, it brought Sean Connery back, so it can’t be all bad. Anyway, looks like McClory is once again up to his old tricks.From IGN FilmForce: \"Despite a long court battle that MGM (now part of Sony) won against McClory – the purpose of which was to prevent him from starting his own rival Bond franchise – the rumor suggests that the producer is looking to move forward on a new remake of \"Thunderball.\" As he did by hiring ex-007 Sean Connery to star in \"Never Say Never Again,\" McClory is said to want to get Pierce Brosnan to reprise his role. Brosnan was famously dumped in favor of Daniel Craig, who stars in the forthcoming \"Casino Royale.\"IGNFF also debunks the rumor that a band called \"Goldfrapp\" is performing the \"Casino Royale\" tune. (\"Goldfrapp\"? Goofy name for a band…)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Food, cancelled","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"another-thunderball-remake"},{"id":"47508904960850","title":"How Family-Friendly Are King Arthur: Legend of the Sword and Lowriders?","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})How Family-Friendly Are King Arthur: Legend of the Sword and Lowriders?by Christy Lemire | May 12, 2017 |  CommentsThis week, there’s a decent chance younger audiences will be interested in the action-packed new reimagining of the King Arthur legend, but before you take them to see it, you may want to know what kinds of shenanigans Charlie Hunnam and his pals get up to in the film. Read on for Christy’s analysis on Legend of the Sword and the smaller-scale drama&nbsp;Lowriders.NOW IN THEATERS&nbsp;King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword (2017)  31%Rating:&nbsp;PG-13, for sequences of violence and action, some suggestive content and brief strong language.It’s yet another telling of the legend of King Arthur – an origin story, which all superheroes get come summertime. Director and co-writer Guy Ritchie mashes up the visual verve and verbal brio of his early gangster movies like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels&nbsp;and Snatch&nbsp;with the massive action sequences and glossy CGI that are standard for big-studio blockbusters. At the center of all the sound and fury is Charlie Hunnam as Arthur, who rises from the obscurity of the streets to take his rightful place as king. There’s a ton of violence: fistfights, explosions, mass destruction and giant, marauding elephants. The usual. People kill each other – it’s an epic power struggle, after all. Because this is a Ritchie movie, there’s plenty of colorful dialogue and language. And a flashback to Arthur’s scrappy childhood reveals he was raised in a brothel. It’s messy and noisy, but it’s probably suitable for viewers around 12 or 13 and older.Lowriders (2017)  57%Rating:&nbsp;PG-13, for language, some violence, sensuality, thematic elements and brief drug use.A strong cast and vivid sense of place elevate this otherwise familiar tale of intergenerational conflict. Lowriders&nbsp;takes place within the vibrant, Mexican-American car culture of East Los Angeles – a section of the city we don’t often see on film. Demian Bichir stars as a hardworking auto mechanic and recovering alcoholic who competes with his crew in the annual lowrider competition. His very different sons (Gabriel Chavarria and Theo Rossi) also get involved in designing and driving meticulously styled vintage vehicles, even as they try to assert their own identities and sense of artistry. A key character gets shot in the chest. There are police run-ins and arrests, and the elder son has just been released after several years in prison for stealing car parts. There’s quite a bit of language throughout, including the one F-bomb allowed in a PG-13 movie. And there’s some innuendo, including the suggestion that a couple of young people have had sex. But the themes of family loyalty, acceptance and perseverance are worthwhile. Fine for kids around 12 or 13 and older.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"Schedule, Food, Plus, Family, Avengers, thriller, TV","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/12101808/King-Arthur-PG.jpg","slug":"how-family-friendly-are-king-arthur-legend-of-the-sword-and-lowriders"},{"id":"47509197834717","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Hello Kitty Movie Coming in 2019","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Hello Kitty Movie Coming in 2019Plus, PT Anderson does Pinocchio, Guillermo Del Toro leaves Justice League Dark, and a Monopoly movie.by Greg Dean Schmitz | July 3, 2015 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup covers the seven days leading up to the 4th of July in the United States, and ten stories that emerged from the realm of film development news. Movies that were covered in this week’s news include Green Lantern, Hello Kitty, Justice League Dark, Monopoly, Mother’s Day, Pinocchio, and the Back to the Future remake (that won’t be happening).This Week’s Top StoryHELLO KITTY TO GET HER OWN MOVIE IN 2019In our modern era of movies dominated by adaptations of popular characters from every media imaginable, there are still some franchises that have surprisingly not yet received their own big budget movies. One such character is Sanrio’s Hello Kitty, who started 40 years ago this year as a character on Japanese purses. Now, Sanrio’s Hello Kitty license accounts for a marketing phenomenon that earns in the range of $5-$7 billion each year. Hello Kitty can be seen in video games and cartoon/anime TV shows, but she hasn’t had a feature film yet. That will change in 2019, as Sanrio has devoted a budget in the range of $160 million and $240 million (including advertising) to make it happen. There is no word yet as to whether the Hello Kitty movie will be animated or live action, but Sanrio’s intention is to produce a movie for a global audience. There’s also no word yet about what writers, directors, or stars might be considered.Fresh Developments This Week1.&nbsp;ROBERT ZEMECKIS PROMISES NO BACK TO THE FUTURE REMAKEThirty years ago today, on July 3, 1985, Universal Pictures released the original Back to the Future. Since Hollywood is in the midst of a current wave of remakes and reboots of favorites from the 1980s, there have been the expected posts online in the recent past speculating about whether Universal Pictures might reboot or remake Back to the Future. Well, the film’s director Robert Zemeckis has good news on that front, promising that as long as he and screenwriter Bob Gale are still alive, Back to the Future won’t be remade. Specifically, Zemeckis was quoted as saying, “That can’t happen until both Bob and I are dead. And then I’m sure they’ll do it, unless there’s a way our estates can stop it. I mean, to me, that’s outrageous. Especially since it’s a good movie. It’s like saying ‘Let’s remake Citizen Kane. Who are we going to get to play Kane?’ What folly, what insanity is that? Why would anyone do that?'” It is believed that both Robert Zemeckis (age 63) and Bob Gale (age 64) are in good health, so hopefully, we should be good for at least another 25 years, though if someone invents the flux capacitor, who knows…?2.&nbsp;PAUL THOMAS ANDERSON TO ADAPT… PINOCCHIO?Before Joaquin Phoenix eventually signed on to star in Paul Thomas Anderson’s Inherent Vice last year, there had been a time when Robert Downey, Jr. was attached to star instead. It appears that Downey and Anderson still want to work together someday, because Downey has hired Paul Thomas Anderson to work on something of an out-of-left-field adaptation. Paul Thomas Anderson is now adapting the classic Italian children’s novel Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi, with an eye towards possibly directing. Since wrapping Inherent Vice, it has been unknown what film might be Anderson’s eighth feature film (that’s right, he’s only directed seven movies!). Robert Downey, Jr is producing this live action adaptation, as well as being attached to play Geppetto. It’s expected that development is stepping up as a reaction to the faster rate at which Walt Disney Pictures is producing their own live action adaptations of their animated classics. As of this writing, Disney isn’t currently developing a Pinocchio remake… yet.3.&nbsp;IS TYRESE GIBSON CAMPAIGNING TO BE GREEN LANTERN?With the 4th of July falling on a Saturday this year, and Hollywood types loving to stretch holiday weekends out as much as possible, this was something of a slow movie news week. So, this Week’s Ketchup is reporting on some stories that otherwise might not have made the grade. An example of this is the idea that Tyrese Gibson (of the Fast and Furious franchise) might have something going on with Warner Bros’ plans for a new Green Lantern movie. It started with Gibson talking with Entertainment Tonight, saying that he had been talking to Warner Bros about a role he can’t discuss, after which he immediately started talking about Green Lantern. That was followed by a series of posts to Gibson’s Instagram showing images of Green Lantern John Stewart (there have been five major human Green Lanterns in the comics). It’s unclear exactly what’s going on, but this writer suspects that Tyrese Gibson did indeed talk to Warner Bros, wants the job, and is now trying to help his case via online campaigning. The solo Green Lantern movie isn’t scheduled until 2020, but it’s very possible “a” Green Lantern could appear in earlier films, whether it be Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (3/25/15), Justice League Part One (11/17/17), or any of the other DC Comics that are coming in the next few years.4.&nbsp;DANIEL RADCLIFFE TO STAR IN CORPSE COMEDY SWISS ARMY MANDaniel Radcliffe (the Harry Potter franchise), Paul Dano (12 Years a Slave), and Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Scott Pilgrim vs the World) are all signed to star in an independent movie called Swiss Army Man. It’s not yet known if the movie will be a “comedy,” but the unusual premise involves a man who is a stranded in the wilderness, where he befriends a dead body (!) and the two team up to get out of the woods. It’s unclear which role will be played by which actor (and indeed, since the “body” is gender-neutral, that role could even be Winstead’s). Swiss Army Man will mark the feature film debut of directors Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, who have worked together on a series of short films under the name “The Daniels.” Some of their films have done well at the Sundance Film Festival, and Swiss Army Man is a project that was first developed at one of the Sundance Institute’s filmmaker labs.5.&nbsp;LIAM NEESON’S SON TO STAR AS MICHAEL COLLINS IN NEW DRAMA THE RISINGNext year will mark the 20th anniversary of the release of Michael Collins, and the 100th anniversary of the Easter Rising, one of the key events in Ireland’s rebellion against British rule (and in the film). Now, Liam Neeson’s son Michael Neeson is preparing “http://deadline.com/2015/07/michael-neeson-michael-collins-liam-neeson-the-rising-1201467114/” target=”_blank”&gt;to take his first major role by playing Michael Collins himself in a new film called The Rising. The Rising will also mark the feature film debut of Irish director Michael McCann. As of this writing, The Rising does not have distribution in the USA.Rotten Ideas of the Week4.&nbsp;DIRECTOR GUILLERMO DEL TORO HAS DEPARTED JUSTICE LEAGUE DARKSometimes news items that might be of more direct interest to movie fans are hidden within stories that are not as obviously of immediate interest (ie, “burying the lead”). That sort of happened this week as various sources reported on a corporate shuffling at Warner Bros and its subsidiary New Line Cinema. Going forward, New Line Cinema will be handling adaptations of titles published by Vertigo Comics, so that Warner Bros can focus on DC Comics. Specifically, the first movie under this arrangement is expected to be the long-in-development of Neil Gaiman’s Sandman, in which Joseph Gordon-Levitt is attached to star. What confuses this story a bit is that several characters that were previously under the Vertigo banner (such as John Constantine of Hellblazer, Swamp Thing, etc) are now DC Comics characters again, so their movie futures would be handled by Warner Bros. And then, there’s Shazam, which is a DC Comics character whose movie will remain at New Line Cinema. And, in the spirit of burying the lead, this is where we finally get around to mentioning that this means that Justice League Dark (AKA Dark Universe), which teams up various supernatural/spooky characters as a super team, will stay at Warner Bros. Warner Bros is still developing Justice League Dark, but they are now doing it without director Guillermo Del Toro, who has departed the project so that he can focus on films such as Crimson Peak (10/16/15) and Pacific Rim 2 (8/4/17).3.&nbsp;BATTLESHIP DIRECTOR MAPS OUT ACTION MOVIE MILE 22 WITH MARK WAHLBERGAfter working together on 2013’s Lone Survivor, director Peter Berg (Battleship, Hancock) and Mark Wahlberg reunited for the oil spill drama Deepwater Horizon, which is currently filming, and also made a deal for a movie based on the 1970s TV show (retitled) The Six Billion Dollar Man. The two are now continuing their working relationship with an action movie called Mile 22. In the film, Wahlberg will play a CIA agent who has to escort an informant across 22 miles of Indonesia, from the center of a city to the local airport. UFC-champion-turned-actress Ronda Rousey and Iko Uwais (The Raid) have also landed roles in Mile 22. The film will be distributed by STX Entertainment, the new distribution company behind such upcoming films as The Gift, Secret in Their Eyes, The Boy, and The Free State of Jones. Mile 22 is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas because Peter Berg has only directed, written, or starred in one movie (Lone Survivor) in the last ten years which earned a Fresh Tomatometer score.2.&nbsp;MOTHER’S DAY CONTINUES FRANCHISE STARTED BY VALENTINE’S DAY AND NEW YEAR’S EVEIn 2010, director Garry Marshall (Pretty Woman, Runaway Bride) had one of his biggest recent box office hits with the holiday themed ensemble comedy Valentine’s Day. This was followed a year later by New Year’s Eve. Now, four years later, Marshall is lining up a new ensemble for a movie which would ostensibly be released in May, 2016: Mother’s Day. Julia Roberts, who was part of the ensemble cast of Valentine’s Day, is already signed to costar in Mother’s Day as her fourth film directed by Garry Marshall. Jennifer Aniston, Kate Hudson, and Jason Sudeikis are also in talks for roles in the comedy, which was written by Anya Kochoff-Romano (Monster-in-Law) and Lily Hollander (feature film debut). Like Marshall’s previous two holiday ensemble films, Mother’s Day will tell intertwining stories leading up to the holiday in question. New Line Cinema distributed both Valentine’s Day and New Year’s Eve, but currently, the film is being shopped around to other studios as well. Mother’s Day is one of this week’s Rotten Ideas because you have to go all the way back to 1991 and Frankie &amp; Johnny to find a movie directed by Garry Marshall that earned a Fresh Tomatometer score. The closest Marshall has come to a Fresh score in the last 20 years was the 47% he earned for The Princess Diaries in 2001.1.&nbsp;MONOPOLY PASSES GO, PROBABLY COLLECTS WAY MORE THAN $200Back in 2012, when Universal Pictures made moves to separate from its deal to adapt various Hasbro board games (including Clue and Candy Land), it seemed like a sign that the mini-trend would be short-lived. (This all happened a few months before Universal Pictures released their Hasbro adaptation Battleship). One of the long-in-development projects that was formerly at Universal Pictures was the Monopoly board game adaptation, which at one point, Ridley Scott was attached to produce and direct. We haven’t heard much about a Monopoly movie in a while, so it seemed like that project might have been permanently shelved. This week, however, Hasbro and Lionsgate set up a deal indeed to adapt the Monopoly board game into a live action narrative movie. Writer/director Andrew Niccol, who has both Rotten scores (S1mone, In Time, The Host) and Fresh scores (Gattaca, Lord of War, Good Kill) in his filmography, will adapt the screenplay. It’s not yet known if Niccol will also direct Monopoly, or how he will adapt a non-narrative game about real estate moguls in Atlantic City, as a feature film. Will it be a Boardwalk Empire-ish crime drama? Will it be a cerebral drama? A silly kids-centric action-comedy? Will Monopoly film on location in Atlantic City? These are all questions that remain unanswered this week.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"cults, PlayStation, criterion, facebook","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Hello-Ketchup.jpg","slug":"weekly-ketchup-hello-kitty-movie-coming-in-2019"},{"id":"47613268063714","title":"Weekly News Ketchup: Adam Sandler’s \"Chuck and Larry,\" \"Delta Farce,\" Anthony Hopkin’s \"Slipstream,\" and More!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly News Ketchup: Adam Sandler's \"Chuck and Larry,\" \"Delta Farce,\" Anthony Hopkin's \"Slipstream,\" and More!by Nick Hershey | June 18, 2006 |  CommentsIn this week’s wrap-up of news that ended up on the editing room floor, Adam Sandler and Kevin James wish they knew how to quit each other, a new movie crossbreeds a 1980s classic with Pauly Shore, and there has been a Leonardo DiCaprio sighting.Adam Sandler and Kevin James will join the attack on the institution of marriage, in \"I now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry.\" The film will be directed by Dennis Dugan (\"Happy Gilmore\") and written by Alexander Payne and James Taylor (the authors of \"Sideways\"). James and Sandler star as two firefighters who pretend to be a gay couple in order to receive their fire department’s domestic partner benefits. Hilarity ensues.D.J. Qualls, Keith David, and Danny Trejo will star in \"Delta Farce\" as three amigos that are in the army now. The trio is mistakenly dropped in Mexico instead of Iraq, and they wind up defending a village from bandits. C.B. Harding (\"The Blue Collar Comedy Tour\") is slated to direct.In breaking news, Leonardo DiCaprio was photographed! That’s right, dashing Leo has been (gasp!) filming \"The Blood Diamond,\" and (double gasp!) some sneaky and well-compensated photographer shot some photos of him in the act (of, uh, acting)!In other news:Jessica Alba joins comedian Dane Cook in Lionsgate’s comedy \"Good Luck Chuck\" about a serial dater (Cook) who finally meets his true love (Alba). (Variety)Several more actors join the ensemble cast of the Anthony Hopkins-directed indie \"Slipstream\" – John Turturro, Camryn Manheim, Jeffrey Tambor, S. Epatha Merkerson, Fionnula Flanagan, Christopher Lawford and Michael Clarke Duncan. The cast already includes Hopkins, Christian Slater, Stella Arroyave, Lisa Pepper, Kevin McCarthy, Gavin Grazer, Aaron Tucker and Lana Antonova.(Hollywood Reporter)The Weinstein Company wants Catherine Zeta-Jones to topline and Rob Marshall (\"Chicago\") to direct a movie version of an acclaimed 1959 show about famous stripper Gypsy Rose Lee.(New York Post)Production Weekly reports that David Krumholtz (\"Numb3rs\") will join Eva Mendes in the indie feature \"Live!,\" to be directed by Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Bill Guttenta.(ComingSoon.net)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Television, Marvel, sports, saw, Ghostbusters, deadpool, Lifetime, caribbean, tv, crime, Sabrina, marvel, show, of","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"weekly-news-ketchup-adam-sandlers-chuck-and-larry-delta-farce-anthony-hopkins-slipstream-and-more"},{"id":"47509199628774","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Female Jump Street Spinoff and MIB Crossover Officially in the Works","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Female Jump Street Spinoff and MIB Crossover Officially in the WorksPlus, adaptations of Robotech and Death Note, a Cube remake, and James Cameron's been busy.by RT Staff | May 1, 2015 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup covers ten top stories from the world of film development news, including stories about such movies as Death Note, Independence Day 2, Robotech, and Avatar 5.&nbsp;This Week’s Top StoryFEMALE-LED 21 JUMP STREET SPINOFF IN THE WORKSFollowing the warm reception the world had last year when Sony Pictures announced plans for a female-led reboot of Ghostbusters, the same studio is now planning a similar female-led spinoff of their 21 Jump Street action comedy franchise. The comedy, which will presumably be about a pair of young-ish female cops teaming up to investigate crime at a high school, will be adapted by Lucia Aniello and Paul Downs, writers for Comedy Central’s Broad City. At the same time, we also learned this week that Sony Pictures is indeed planning on having the next 21 Jump Street movie with Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum be about their characters crossing over with the Men in Black franchise, as their cop characters will start tracking down alien criminals from farther away than China or Mexico. This would be a bigger headline if this plan hadn’t already been leaked last year during the e-mail hacking scandals leading up to the release of The Interview. The comedic slant behind crossing 21 Jump Street with Men in Black is reportedly intended to be a spoof of the trend in Hollywood these days towards creating “cinematic universes” that might not otherwise make sense being linked together.Fresh Developments This Week1 HELEN HUNT TO REUNITE WITH THE SESSIONS DIRECTOR FOR PLEASE STAND BYLike many actresses of a certain age, Helen Hunt doesn’t make as many movies that these days (though she did write, direct and star in Ride, currently in theaters). That said, we learned this week that she will be reuniting with Ben Lewin, director of The Sessions, on his next movie, called Please Stand By. Dakota Fanning has also signed on as the lead character, a “a brilliant young woman with autism who escapes her care home to embark on a journey to Hollywood in order to deliver a screenplay for a competition.” Helen Hunt will play the writer’s caretaker, who is in hot pursuit to rescue her before something horrible happens (besides getting a job in Hollywood, of course). Please Stand By was written by Michael Golamco, one of the writers for the NBC TV series Grimm.2 MANGA/ANIME ADAPTATION DEATH NOTE: YOU’RE NEXTDirector Adam Wingard now has two indie hits on his filmography, with You’re Next and last year’s The Guest, which makes him arguably a great candidate to make the sort of big time studio deals that have happened recently for the directors of such movies as Monsters, Safety Not Guaranteed, and John Wick. With that in mind, Wingard has signed with Warner Bros to direct their live action adaptation of the manga series called Death Note (which was also adapted as an anime series). Death Note refers to the supernatural notebook a student discovers can be used to kill anyone whose name he writes in it; this inspires him to attempt to rid the world of everyone he thinks is evil, leading to a cat-and-mouse hunt as a detective tries to solve the murders. Death Note has been in development at Warner Bros for a while now, with Adam Wingard replacing Shane Black (Iron Man 3, Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang), who had previously been attached to direct.3 FURIOUS 7 DIRECTOR TO HELM FAST, FURIOUS MECHS IN ROBOTECHAfter directing the first Saw movie and 2011’s Insidious, director James Wan made the transition to a straight up action movie with this year’s Furious 7, which obviously worked out pretty well for him. The success of Furious 7 has, as one would expect, led to James Wan’s name being mentioned in various film development stories lately, and this week was no exception. Director James Wan is now in early talks with Sony Pictures about taking on the directing job on their adaptation of the popular 1980s anime TV series Robotech. Wan is also in talks to direct Aquaman (7/27/18) for Warner Bros, and Furious 8 (4/14/17) for Universal Pictures (it’s expected that the two ambitious movies are probably too close together on the schedule for the same director to work on both high-profile films). The Hollywood Reporter thumbnails the premise of Robotech as “a sprawling sci-fi epic that takes place at a time when Earth has developed giant robots from the technology on an alien spacecraft that crashed on a South Pacific island. Mankind is forced to use the technology to fend off three successive waves of alien invasions.”4 CHANNING TATUM TO STAR IN SCI-FI ACTION ADAPTATION THE FOREVER WARJupiter Ascending, the recent science fiction movie starring Channing Tatum, was not a hit, critically or otherwise. That’s not, however, necessarily a reason for Tatum not to make another science fiction movie about war between various races in outer space. That, at least, is presumably the reasoning behind this next story. Warner Bros has won a bidding war with two other studios for the rights to an adaptation of the 1974 novel The Forever War, by author Joe Haldeman, which was also adapted into a comic book. Channing Tatum is already attached to star in The Forever War as a man who is “conscripted into a military task force during a war against an alien species named the Taurans. Through many battles, the man rises up the ranks of the military, but traveling through space has time-warping effects, causing him to age normally while Earth spins centuries.” The Forever War has been in development since 2008, back when director Ridley Scott was formerly attached to direct. Scott directed Prometheus instead, which is coincidentally of interest, because The Forever War is also being adapted by Prometheus cowriter Jon Spaihts.5 ANGEL ELGORT MIGHT STAR IN THE DRUG EMPIRE TRUE STORY DUKES OF OXYThis will not go down as a great month for Rolling Stone magazine. And these days, pretty much every month isn’t a great one for print “magazines” in general. Publications like Rolling Stone do however continue to have something of a side business in the occasional licensing of their stories to Hollywood studios and producers in deals that sometimes lead to actual movies. This week, former New Line Cinema executive Michael De Luca made a deal for the rights to an article published a few weeks ago by Rolling Stone. Called “The Dukes of Oxy,” the story is about “a pair of teen high school wrestlers from Florida who built a multimillion-dollar business smuggling OxyContin and other painkillers.” The article was written by Guy Lawson, who also wrote the article that is being adapted as the upcoming Arms and the Dudes, starring Jonah Hill and Miles Teller. For Dukes of Oxy, Michael De Luca is teaming up with Ansel Elgort, the star of last year’s The Fault in Our Stars, and producer Emily Gerson Saines (who produced HBO’s Temple Grandin). It’s expected that Ansel Elgort will probably also play one of the two teens.Rotten Ideas of the Week4 THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF CUBE MIGHT BE CELEBRATED BY A REMAKE CALLED CUBEDLionsgate is moving forward with development of a remake of one of 1997’s indie horror hits, ostensibly just in time for the movie to be filmed in 2016 and released in 2017 to mark the first film’s 20th anniversary. We’re talking, of course, about Cube, that little Canadian horror movie that showed that a creative crew can take very limited resources (basically the same small set redressed 20 different ways) and a cast of unknowns and still produce one of the year’s most popular horror films. Cube was actually released by the now-defunct Trimark Pictures, but the rights to Cube have since ended up at Lionsgate. It’s that studio that is now teaming up with producers Roy Lee and Jon Spaihts (cowriter of Prometheus) to develop a remake of Cube to be called Cubed. Roy Lee is a prolific producer whose other horror remakes have included The Ring, The Grudge, The Eye, Quarantine, and this summer’s Poltergeist. This remake of a movie about seven strangers stuck inside a deadly labyrinth of cubes will be “a sci-fi survival thriller about artificial intelligence, humanity and the birth of a new ‘digital’ race.” Cubed will be written and directed by newcomer Saman Kesh, who has previously directed short films and videos for the band Placebo.3 AWARD-WINNING ACTRESS MAE WHITMAN REPLACED IN INDEPENDENCE DAY 2Throughout the weeks of casting news for the sequel Independence Day 2, one would have guessed that one of the easiest roles for 20th Century Fox to cast would be the President’s daughter, Patricia Whitmore. The reason for this is that the child actor, Mae Whitman, who played the character in the 1996 hit movie, has grown up to become the prolific, critically adored, and award-winning star of such movies as The DUFF, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and Scott Pilgrim vs the World. Instead, 20th Century Fox has cast Maika Monroe, the star of the horror hit It Follows, to play President Bill Pullman’s daughter in the sequel. As E! Online points out, Whitman hadn’t even been on 20th Century Fox’s shortlist of actresses in the running for the role. The reactions online were quick and polarizing (not surprising since It Follows has been very popular), with the pro-Mae Whitman camp arguably led by Pitch Perfect star Anna Kendrick. Kendrick sent out a Tweet saying (expletive deleted), “What the actual f***? @maebirdwing is talented as hell, and JUST proved she can carry a film. Smh.” Buzzfeed came out against the snubbing of Mae Whitman as well. 20th Century Fox has scheduled Independence Day 2 for release on June 24, 2016.2 THE CONTROVERSIAL STORY ABOUT HOW AQUAMAN AND WONDER WOMAN ARE BEING WRITTENFirst off, let’s warn sensitive readers (or parents) that the main source for this story features a phrase that rhymes with “snow mitt at the mall.” One has to figure that this is not the way Warner Bros would have liked their new “DC Cinematic Universe” to have been covered in the press in the same week that Avengers: Age of Ultron is released. It’s that movie’s release, however, that probably inspired The Hollywood Reporter to do a piece about how Warner Bros’ approach at building a “cinematic universe” for Batman, Superman, and their brightly-clad super friends has differed from what Marvel has done since 2008’s Iron Man. First off, the piece points out that Warner Bros doesn’t have a Kevin Feige-like figure to guide and mold every movie (and related TV shows) into being part of the same overall picture. Warner Bros had actually approached Christopher Nolan to do just that a few years ago, but he decided three Batman movies had been enough, and the near-decade of creativity they consumed had been enough. The article also details how Warner Bros has hired “five writers not to work together but to compete” on Wonder Woman, and that similarly, “several writers” were hired to do something similar on Aquaman. The approach was colorfully compared to that expression we referred to at the beginning of this article (“throw sh** at the wall”). Warner Bros has scheduled Wonder Woman for June 23, 2017, and Aquaman for release on July 27, 2018.1 JAMES CAMERON HAS WRITTEN AVATAR 5 (BEFORE EVEN MAKING AVATAR 2)Pop quiz, hotshot: name your three favorite non-documentary movies directed by James Cameron in the last 20 years. Yeah, that’s sort of impossible, because Cameron has only directed Titanic and Avatar since 1994. We finally did get Avatar in 2009, and the movie was a huge hit (it’s still the number one box office hit of all time), so Cameron has spent much of the last five years working on the sequels to Avatar, though actual filming of Avatar 2, 3, and 4 has been pushed back (along with their estimated release dates). Avatar 2 is now tentatively scheduled for December, 2017, after originally being scheduled for December, 2016. This week, composer James Horner revealed that James Cameron has actually also written a script for Avatar 5 as well, and is trying to figure out a way to condense the four sequel scripts into just three sequel scripts. We’re calling this the most Rotten Story of the Week (in a week where rotten ideas were very competitive), because all of this time spent on multiple sequels has a few negative impacts. First of all, if one anticipates more Avatar, it would be nice for the world to have Avatar 2 as soon as possible, and Cameron working on Avatar 3, 4, and 5 would seem to delay that from happening. Secondly, there’s the argument that maybe what the world’s action movie fans would like isn’t even necessarily an Avatar sequel at all. One can get nostalgic and watery-eyed thinking about the days when James Cameron competing with other directors on projects not only led to him directing great action movies, but it stepped up other people’s games as well. Twenty years of his absence has made him sort of irrelevant. And we say that as fans of movies like The Terminator, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Aliens, The Abyss, and heck, even True Lies. And hey, maybe if James Cameron has a huge hit with someone else’s movie, people will be more excited to see what he’s got planned for Avatars 2 through 5, and so on.Read more Weekly KetchupFollow Greg Dean Schmitz on Facebook","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Cinematographers, 2017, jones, Company, Emmy, Lionsgate, NBC, ViacomCBS, Network, zombies, Comics, Islander, Kaling","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/female-jump-street.jpg","slug":"weekly-ketchup-female-jump-street-spinoff-and-mib-crossover-officially-in-the-works"},{"id":"47614532796488","title":"Lions Gate Buys the Newest \"Highlander\" (with two more on the way!)","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Lions Gate Buys the Newest \"Highlander\" (with two more on the way!)by Scott Weinberg | July 5, 2005 |  CommentsVariety reports that Lions Gate Films has purchased North American distribution rights to \"Highlander: The Journey Continues\" — and also that production house Davis Panzer has set its sights on two additional \"Highlander\" sequels.\"The Journey Continues\" will star TV Highlander Adrian Paul and will be directed by Brett Leonard (\"The Lawnmower Man,\" \"Man-Thing\").No word yet on how close to completion this fourth \"Highlander\" sequel is, but the IMDb credits the flick withmore than six screenwriters … so at least we know some people are hard at work on the project.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"comedy, actors, finale, The, Reviews, Lionsgate, caribbean, TCA, show, monsters, ID","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"lions-gate-buys-the-newest-highlander-with-two-more-on-the-way"},{"id":"47614830064828","title":"Casting News on The Wachowskis’ \"Vendetta\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Casting News on The Wachowskis' \"Vendetta\"by Scott Weinberg | April 21, 2005 |  CommentsJoe Utichi of FilmFocus got to chat briefly with the always-cool Stephen Fry at the UK premiere of \"The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy\" (Mr. Fry provides the voice of the Guide), and the affable British chap shared some interesting casting news regarding \"V for Vendetta.\" Based on the graphic novel by Alan Moore, \"Vendetta\" is being written by Andy and Larry Wachowski (\"The Matrix,\" \"Bound\") and directed by first-timer James McTeigue.Natalie Portman and James Purefoy have been on board for some time, but Mr. Fry informs us that he’s involved as well, as are actors John Hurt (\"Alien\"), Tim Pigott-Smith (\"Bloody Sunday\"), and Sinead Cusack (\"I Capture the Castle\"). For more info on this hotly anticipated big-screen adaptation, check out the full scoop at FilmFocus.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"dark, love, Ellie, miniseries, CBS, movies, Academy, Fire, animated, Logo, archives, FirstLook, Witch, Hulu, TNT","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"casting-news-on-the-wachowskis-vendetta"},{"id":"47509095973413","title":"Box Office: Hitman Tops Worst Weekend in 16 Years","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Hitman Tops Worst Weekend in 16 YearsHollywood studios watched in horror as the North American box office tumbled down to its worst performance in 16 yearsby Gitesh Pandya | August 27, 2017 |  CommentsFailing to give the people what they want, Hollywood studios watched in horror as the North American box office tumbled down to its worst performance in 16 years. The top ten films grossed a dismal $45M which was the lowest total since September 2001 just after the 9/11 attacks. The deadly hurricane in Texas and the big boxing match on Saturday night had some impact, but the lousy menu of films was at the root of the problem.Only one film broke the $10M barrier this weekend – just barely – and only three movies crossed $5M – just barely. Every single title in the top ten generated an average that was less than its screen count with none reaching $3,000. This widespread weakness at the box office is expected to last for another week as once again studios have given up on next weekend too.With nothing new exciting moviegoers, the action film The Hitman’s Bodyguard&nbsp;held onto the number one spot for a second weekend taking in an estimated $10M. The Lionsgate release dropped 53% which was about normal for a star-driven action title so no major legs here. Averaging $2,976 from 3,377 locations, the Samuel L. Jackson-Ryan Reynolds pic has collected $39.6M to date and aims to get to the $65M neighborhood.Falling 53% in its third weekend was the fright flick Annabelle: Creation&nbsp;with an estimated $7.4M boosting the domestic cume to $77.9M. The horror pic is on track to beat the $84.3M of 2014’s Annabelle&nbsp;making it one of very few franchise films this summer to beat its predecessor. Worldwide,&nbsp;Creation&nbsp;now sits at an impressive $215.1M.The animated film&nbsp;Leap!&nbsp;debuted in third place but collected only $5M, according to estimates. The Weinstein Co. release averaged a weak $1,948 from 2,575 locations and has aimed to give parents one last moviegoing option before kids go back to school. But families have spent enough cash this summer on kidpics and this one did not seem worth the cost to them.The acclaimed thriller Wind River&nbsp;expanded again and tripled its theater count which led to a jump up to number four with an estimated $4.4M. The average was just $2,105, but in this enemic marketplace, that’s second best among all wide releases this weekend. The Weinstein Co. has banked $9.8M to date for what they hope is the grown-up alternative during the end of summer period.Logan Lucky dropped a reasonable 43% in its second weekend and grossed an estimated $4.4M as well. The Bleecker Street title has taken in just $15M so far. Another director-driven film followed – Dunkirk&nbsp;with an estimated $4M in its sixth round. The Warner Bros. hit was off 40% and raised its domestic haul to $172.5M with the worldwide total rising to $412.2M.Audiences had little interest in the new Bruce Lee story&nbsp;Birth of the Dragon&nbsp;which opened down in seventh place with an estimated $2.5M. The BH Tilt release averaged a dismal $1,545 from 1,618 theaters and was met by negative reviews.Super hero hit Spider-Man: Homecoming&nbsp;remained in the top ten in its eighth weekend grossing an estimated $2.7M, off just 36%, for a new cume of $318.8M for Sony. The studio’s toon The Emoji Movie&nbsp;fell 47% to an estimated $2.4M for a sum of $76.4M. Universal’s runaway comedy smash Girls Trip&nbsp;rounded out the top ten with an estimated $2.3M, down 42%, and a new total of $108.1M.In international box office news, Wonder Woman&nbsp;opened in its final market of Japan and broke the $400M overseas mark putting the new global gross at $806M on its way to a finish of around $815M. Despicable Me 3&nbsp;launched well in Italy and bumped its worldwide haul to $971.7M – the best for any summer movie this year. It will crack the billion dollar mark in another week or so. Both films are still in the Top 15 this weekend at the domestic box office.The top ten films grossed an estimated $45M which was down a troubling 51% from last year when&nbsp;Don’t Breathe&nbsp;opened at number one with $26.1M; and down 29% from 2015 when Straight Outta Compton&nbsp;stayed in the top spot for a third time with&nbsp;$13.1M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"movies, globes, miniseries","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/27144720/Hitman-2_BoxOffice_Title_600X314.jpg","slug":"box-office-hitman-tops-worst-weekend-in-16-years"},{"id":"47508634340723","title":"24 Meteors That Threatened Planet Earth!","content":"24 Framesgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})24 Meteors That Threatened Planet Earth!by RT Staff | June 29, 2017 |  CommentsIt’s Meteor Watch Day, so here’s our gallery of 24 times meteors, asteroids, and comets have cosmically accosted our planet in the movies!ArmageddonMichael Bay sends Bruce Willis and a bunch of drillers to dismantle an asteroid in space. Get it on Criterion Collection!Deep ImpactThe DreamWorks/Disney rivalry dates back to around these days, when this movie was released the same time as Armageddon.AsteroidMichael Biehn and Annabella Sciorra await the end of the world after a government plan to stop an oncoming asteroid fails.Judgement DayCult leader Mario Van Peebles kidnaps the only scientist who can stop an imminent asteroid from smashing into Earth. And the only one who can stop the bizarre plot: Ice-T!Spider-Man 3Sam Raimi’s third Spidey movie took a lot of liberties with the source and character, such as introducing the symbiote as a meteorite stowaway.Plus OneA passing meteor seemingly creates duplicates of humans at a house party.CoherenceAnother passing meteor wreaks havoc in suburbia, this time hurling people at a dinner party through alternate realities.Night of the CometTwo Valley girls fend off zombies after a comet reduces most of the Earth’s population into piles of dust.SlitherThe extraterrestrial slugs that menace the local population in James Gunn’s horror-comedy arrive on Earth via meteorite.Maximum OverdriveStephen King’s sole directorial effort is this coked-out tale of machines who come to life and want to murder their creators after a comet passes by the planet.EvolutionDavid Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, and Julianne Moore race to stop a rapidly evolving alien invasion that crash lands on the planet.DinosaurA young dinosaur travels across the prehistoric landscape after a meteorite shower destroys his home.Ice Age: Collision CourseThe Tomatometer score cratered with the latest Ice Age movie, which sees Manny, Diego, and Sid wigging out from a threat above.MelancholiaA shadow is cast literally over Kristen Dunst’s wedding, as a rogue planet hurtles towards Earth.MeteorReleased during the twilight of the prestige disaster movies with overqualified actors, this one featuring Sean Connery.The Day of the TriffidsA meteor shower renders most onlookers blind, and gives rise to carnivorous plants.Your NameAn oncoming meteor is one of the central plot points in this critically acclaimed and record-breaking body-swapping anime.The Meteor ManA close encounter with a green meteorite gives Robert Townsend the super powers to clean up the streets of Washington D.C.The Day the Sky ExplodedA cluster of meteors heads towards Earth in this Italian space feature.The Monolith MonstersRock formations from a downed asteroid start spreading across the face of the planet.Seeking a Friend for the End of the WorldCoherence actress Lorene Scafaria wrote and directed Steve Carell and Keira Knightley in this apocalyptic romantic comedy.The BlobRemake of the classic sci-fi horror, featuring ravenous Jell-O originally emerging from a meteor.When Worlds CollideScientists scramble to put together a rocket ship to leave Earth, which faces obliteration from an oncoming asteroid and star.Disaster MovieForgive us for re-introducing the names of Freidberg &amp; Seltzer back into your brain, but this ‘comedy’ they dumped on the public does feature an asteroid landing on a Hannah Montana lookalike.","section":"24 Frames","tags":"war, lord","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/29181101/600Armageddon.jpg","slug":"24-times-meteors-threatened-planet-earth"},{"id":"47612396650728","title":"Batman Vs. Iron Man: Who’s the Ultimate Billionaire, Playboy, Superhero?","content":"Showdownsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Batman Vs. Iron Man: Who's the Ultimate Billionaire, Playboy, Superhero?It's Marvel vs. DC, quipster vs. brooder, world-saver vs. crime-fighter, as cinema's most powerful scions go head to head.by RT Staff | July 24, 2020 |  CommentsWho is superhero cinema’s ultimate genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist? The wise-cracking tech head who took down Thanos? Or the reclusive, brooding, vengeful detective who looks as good in a tux as he does zipping between the buildings of Gotham? In our latest episode of Vs., Rotten Tomatoes Contributing Editor Mark Ellis is pitting the MCU’s Iron Man against DC’s Dark Knight, comparing their box office pull, Tomatometer and Audience Scores, and the quality and inventiveness of their gadgets, all to declare who is the superior super-powered scion.As always, if you don’t agree with our choice of winner, let us have it in the comments.!function(e,t,n){var s=e.getElementsByTagName(t)[0];e.getElementById(n)||((t=e.createElement(t)).id=n,t.src=\"https://embed.ex.co/sdk.js\",s.parentNode.insertBefore(t,s))}(document,\"script\",\"playbuzz-sdk\")","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Netflix, TV, screen, VOD, Red, King, ESPN, 2015, rings, Chernobyl, RT, streaming, Summer","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"batman-vs-iron-man"},{"id":"47614812900530","title":"Now Streaming: Ghostbusters, House of Cards and More on Netflix and Amazon Prime","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: Ghostbusters, House of Cards and More on Netflix and Amazon Primeby RT Staff | March 8, 2016 |  CommentsThis week on streaming video, Netflix has a whole new season of House of Cards, so you can wallow in Frank Underwood’s unscrupulousness yet again. Plus, the concluding chapter of The Hunger Games hits streaming services, along with a bunch of popular favorites. Read on for the full list.New on&nbsp;Amazon Prime&nbsp;Ghostbusters (1984 Original) (1984)  97%A sublime blend of witty banter and inspired special effects, Ghostbusters remains one of the most beloved comedies of the 1980s. Ghostbusters 2… exists.Available now on Amazon Prime:&nbsp;Ghostbusters, Ghostbusters 2The Silence of the Lambs (1991)  96%Director Jonathan Demme’s smart, taut, Best Picture-winning thriller teeters on the edge between psychological study and all-out horror, and benefits greatly from stellar performances by Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeThe End Of The Tour (2015)  92%Jason Segel and Jesse Eisenberg star in this thinly fictionalized retelling of a few days in the life of David Foster Wallace on the verge of celebrity.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeLouie: Season 5 (2015)  92%In this observational, quasi-autobiographical, totally hilarious FX series, Louis CK plays himself, a stand-up comedian and single dad living in New York City.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeGattaca (1997)  83%Ethan Hawke, Uma Thrurman, and Jude Law star in this noir-ish sci-fi thriller about a man who steals a friend’s genetic identity and runs afoul with the authorities.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeMacbeth (2015)  80%Michael Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, David Thewlis, Paddy Considine, and Sean Harris star in a dark and bloody adaptation of Shakespeare’s tragedy.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon Prime, iTunes, VuduGoldenEye (1995)  78%In his first outing as 007, Pierce Brosnan helped to restore the layer of suave menace and playful humor that many viewers felt the character had been missing for far too long.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeNew on&nbsp;Netflix&nbsp;House of Cards: Season 4 (2016)  86%Frank Underwood (Kevin Spacey) is back to manipulate, glad-hand, rant, negotiate, and turn American politics into a nest of Machiavellian maneuvering — in other words, just another day in Washington.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixMan Up (2015)  80%Simon Pegg and Lake Bell star in this Certified Fresh romantic comedy about two mismatched people who end up on a date together after a case of mistaken identity.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixThe Water Horse: Legend of the Deep (2007)  74%Sorta like E.T but with a thicker brogue, this family film tells the story of Angus (Alex Atel), who stumbles upon a mysterious egg that contains a creature that grows up to be the Loch Ness Monster; Emily Watson, Ben Chaplin, and David Morrissey also star.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixAvailable to Purchase&nbsp;The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 (2015)  69%In this satisfying — if occasionally overly grim — conclusion to the blockbuster franchise, Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence) leads a guerrilla army to eliminate the despotic President Snow (Donald Sutherland) — and discovers that some within the rebellion may have agendas of their own.Available now on: Amazon,&nbsp;iTunes, Vudu","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Captain, Grammys, reviews, superhero, Reality, school, Christmas","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"now-streaming-ghostbusters-house-of-cards"},{"id":"47508792302355","title":"Critics Consensus: Everybody’s Fine Is Just OK","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Everybody's Fine Is Just OKPlus, Brothers is a mixed bag, and guess the Tomatometers for Armored and Transylmania.by Tim Ryan | December 3, 2009 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a fractured family (Everybody’s Fine, starring Robert De Niro and Drew Barrymore); a sibling rivalry (Brothers, starring Natalie Portman and Jake Gyllenhaal); an inside job (Armored, starring Matt Dillon and Laurence Fishburne); and vampire hilarity (Transylmania, starring Patrick Cavanaugh and James DeBello). What do the critics have to say?[tomatometer]MuzeID=1211197[/tomatometer]Everybody’s FineRobert De Niro has an intensity and presence that shines through even when he’s not playing Travis Bickle/Jake La Motta types. And critics say his measured performance is easily the best thing about Everybody’s Fine, a dramedy that too often veers into schmaltz. De Niro stars as a widowed middle-aged man who is attempting to mend fences with his unhappy children; he takes a cross-country trip to visit each of his brood, with mixed results. The pundits say Everybody’s Fine has some touching moments, and De Niro works hard to hold the whole thing together, but too often the movie becomes overly sentimental, and the supporting players aren’t given three-dimensional characters to play.[tomatometer]MuzeID=1213999[/tomatometer]BrothersSometimes a film contains such good acting that one is willing to overlook its faults. One example might be Jim Sheridan‘s Brothers, a film critics say often works despite being frequently overwrought. A remake of Susanne Bier‘s Certified Fresh 2005 drama, Brothers stars Tobey Maguire as Sam, a Marine who’s presumed lost on a tour of duty in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, on the home front, Sam’s wife Grace (Natalie Portman) and his brother Tommy (Jake Gyllenhaal) become closer than ever — and their relationship wreaks havoc on the family when it turns out Sam is still alive. The pundits say Brothers contains strong performances from the three leads and has moments of real power, but doesn’t quite cohere into a fully satisfying whole, and often sinks into melodrama and heavy-handedness. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down Portman’s best-reviewed films.[tomatometer]MuzeID=1207884[/tomatometer]ArmoredThe folks behind Armored must have wanted to shield it from bad reviews, since it wasn’t screened prior to release. Matt Dillon and Laurence Fishburne star in this tale of security employees that attempt to steal from their own company. Kids, guess that Tomatometer![tomatometer]MuzeID=10011711[/tomatometer]TransylmaniaPerhaps it’s a sign that Transylmania is a bloodless horror comedy, since the people behind it wouldn’t let critics see it beforehand. Transylmania tells the tale of a group of college exchange students who find themselves in a vampire-filled university. Guess that Tomatometer… again!Also opening this week in limited release:Up in the Air, starring George Clooney and Vera Farmiga in a dramedy about a frequent flyer, is Certified Fresh at 85 percent (check out director Jason Reitman’s Five Favorite Films here).Big River Man, a documentary about a wacky Slovenian’s attempt to swim the Amazon River, is at 91 percent.Before Tomorrow, a period drama about a boy and his grandmother surviving the harsh climes of the Arctic, is at 83 percent.Gigante, the story of a security guard who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees at the supermarket where he works, is at 80 percent.Loot, a doc about two World War II vets in search of stolen treasure, is at 60 percent.Until the Light Takes Us, a doc about Norway’s dark and occasionally violent black metal scene, is at 40 percent.Serious Moonlight, starring Meg Ryan and Timothy Hutton in a comedy about a woman who duct tapes her straying spouse to a toilet, is at 29 percent.Strip, a comedy about the employees of a second rate electronics store, is at zero percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"reviews, TV, Fox, 2019, Universe, First, YouTube, One, mutant, binge, Films, Channel, park, Universal","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-Everybodys-Fine-Is-Just-OK"},{"id":"47508683301694","title":"How Comic Book Adaptation I Am Not Okay With This Mashes Up Girl Rage and Superpowers","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})How Comic Book Adaptation I Am Not Okay With This Mashes Up Girl Rage and Superpowers“What's the superhero origin story if Professor X never shows up at your house?” Sophia Lillis, her costars, and the series creators attempt to answer the question.by Erik Amaya | February 26, 2020 |  CommentsAt first glance, I Am Not Okay With This may not seem like the most natural adaption from comic books to Netflix series. Charles Forsman’s graphic novel is filled with dysfunctional people failing to relate to one another. It is written from perspective of one teenage girl, Sydney, who uses a journal — after it is forced upon her — to come to terms with various teenage problems and her emerging superpowers. And her voice, like many other teenage journalists, makes the world (and her place in it) feel irredeemable.As star Sophia Lillis, who plays Sydney on the series, put it when Rotten Tomatoes talked to her about the show, the graphic novel has “this sort of ‘oppressive’ feeling.” That is to say, the character’s dark thoughts dominate the story and send it on a very specific trajectory.The character’s fatalist tone is one of the book’s great strengths, but also a challenge when adapting the series. Executive producer Christy Hall felt she wanted to honor the “delicious melancholy” of the novel, but also felt it was important to build beyond the material.“[Forsman’s] beautiful imagination became this really great invitation to find ways of honoring the world [and] the characters he created,” Hall said. “But then also to not be afraid to truly develop the piece further into an actual TV show.”(Photo by Netflix)One key way the series accomplished that was to take Sydney’s writing not as the absolute truth it seems to be the novel. “It starts off in Sydney’s head,” Lillis explained. “But you can slowly see how other people are thinking. It can’t just be about Sydney once things start happening, so you get to see more of their stories.”That push-and-pull between the way Sydney expresses her viewpoint in the journal and the way the world occurs to others became an aspect of the story Hall and fellow executive producer Jonathan Entwistle zeroed in on while developing the series. It is an idea he carried over from The End of the F***ing World,&nbsp;a series also based on a Forsman graphic novel. “[It was] this idea of what the audience sees can be different to what the characters think and what the characters experience,” he explained.In the case of I Am Not Okay With This, he found Sydney’s journal — and the voiceover used to dramatize it — created a stronger dissonance between what the viewers sees and what the character thinks. “If you’re going to do voiceover, the most compelling way to do it is to see things and hear things that the characters don’t,” he said of deploying the technique in the series. It also suggestions one of the more provocative notions in adapting the novel to the screen: “the person you lie to most is yourself.”(Photo by Netflix)While Lillis would not comment on whether or not Sydney is actively lying to herself about anything, she admitted the character has “a very focused mindset and her priorities are a little mixed up … It’s how teenagers are.”A veteran of narrating stories in voiceovers from her work on 2019’s&nbsp;Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase, Lillis found Sydney’s journal a different sort of experience when it came time to perform the lines in a recording booth. “It’s more of what’s going on in her head, so in the booth, I have to sound a little more like what thoughts would sound like,” she explained. Some of that work included matching the mood of her character in the moment and planning the two aspects of the performance months apart. “It was very different from what I was used to, but that’s what I love about acting — trying different things.”Beyond creating this added tension within Sydney’s journal and expanding some of the other characters — more on them in a moment — Entwistle and Hall maintained most of the key concepts from the novel, including the structure of Sydney’s family and her home near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.The latter, though described by Sydney in her journal as an ugly place, is shot with awe and beauty by the British-born producer-director.“Pittsburgh is a very, very specific style of town. The decline of the steel industry, which happened in the mid-’80s, very much left it [troubled]; the towns around Pittsburgh [are] the same,” he explained. “So when you arrive there, there is a natural cinematic quality to the towns, because they are completely timeless. There’s very few contemporary things. There are very few cell phone stores. There’s nothing like that in these towns, so it naturally feels of any era, which is something I think that permeates through the whole show, and it really helps.”That timelessness lends itself to Entwistle’s own tendency to make set his stories in a nevertime divorced of many modern technologies and conveniences.(Photo by Netflix)Although, castmates Wyatt Oleff, Sofia Bryant, and Richard Ellis were quick to point out there are at least some references to modern technology. “There’s a moment when Stanley texts Sydney ‘Listen to Bloodwitch,’” Oleff said. Bryant also recalled referring to a text message in one of her scenes, but the ubiquity of cell phones found on other teen programs – and even the graphic novel – is absent here.“It’s nice when that’s not a giant part of the plotline,” Ellis, who plays nominal antagonist Brad, said. “You can focus more on the interactions of the characters than everything being through a screen.”“The show is really trying to focus on the things that the people are going through. You can even see that with the superpowers,” added Bryant. “It’s not a show about Sydney becoming this superhero. It’s really about their trials and tribulations of going through high school.”That deeper exploration led to characters who are not just greatly expanded from their comic book counterparts, but deeply changed. Oleff’s Stanley, for example, may still love pot, but that’s where the similarities end. “I read the script for the show first and didn’t recognize the character [in the novel] at all,” he said. In the book, the character’s only real interests are smoking and selling pot. Additionally, Oleff found him “colder” toward the novel’s version of Sydney. On screen, he makes bold fashion choices, listens to a wide array of records (on vinyl), and supports Sydney well beyond the role of drug dealer. “He’s there to help her and he’s really there to be the best person he can be to her,” he said of the upgraded Stanley.“He is so richly unadulterated. He’s just so himself,” added Hall. “It’s like it’s the version of me that I wished I’d been in high school as well. It’s just that kind of peeling away of that need to please, and that need to be accepted by way of putting on a false version of yourself that others accept.”Dina, Sydney’s best friend, also represents one of the more radical departures from the graphic novel. Instead of the nihilistic punk rock girl barely invested in any part of her reality, the television Dina is, as Bryant put it “this cool and fun and confident best friend to Syd.” She also envisions having a life beyond high school and even cares about Brad.“She’s reliant on Brad [in the book],” she recalled. “But it seems like she hates him.” Like Oleff, it led to some reflection on the character in the scripts and even some puzzlement on how the characters relate to one another. But she came to ultimately understand this alternate Dina. And in building the character up from the dysfunctional version in the novel, Bryant felt the characters also avoids certain pitfalls of the black best friend trope often seen in YA series. “I think with trying to give her more layers in general, it really is us trying to explain and have everyone represented not only by race, but the things they’re going through,” she said. “Yes, Dina is a PoC, but it’s more about how she goes through the things in her life and how the people around her impact her life.”(Photo by Netflix)And while Ellis found Brad to be an even more despicable character in the book, he appreciated the chance to play a person with little-to-no filter. “I look at it as a lot more fun than challenging,” he said. “When you can take that pressure off of yourself, you can really be awful and there are no consequences for it. If anything, it’s encouraged to lean into that character trait.” Granted, he and Bryant both agreed there must be something positive Dina sees in him – even if Sydney cannot fathom it. “We only see his worst qualities [though Sydney]. To be someone who is well liked, he has to be charming and funny,” Ellis said.Reflecting on the way the show still acknowledges Sydney’s perspective, Oleff noted Stanley and Dina are more “fleshed out” people while Brad remains something closer to a caricature.To Lillis, the way Sydney interacts with Stanley and Bryant’s Dina marks one the best ways the show builds on the foundation of the book. “She has all these people” – mainly Stanley and Dina – “but everything goes wrong and it feels like she has nothing there,” she said. “With the series … There’s so much more to life and so much more happening. It’s less this tense feeling of being stuck.”(Photo by Netflix)Nevertheless, there is still some sense of being stuck for Sydney. She is an ill-fit at school, she may want Dina to be more than her best friend, and even the powers, awesome as they are, come from a feeling Hall felt was quite recognizable — “If people really knew what was going on inside of me, people really knew what a freak I was, then I would be deemed unlovable.”“She has no control and has no idea where she is with any of it, and that’s kind of right in the middle of the whirlpool of something that could be considered a depression,” added Entwistle. And while just about every teenage feels like a freak, Sydney’s power genuinely set her apart and create a sense that she could be dangerous – a common feeling for teenagers given a very palpable reality in the show.That authenticity, both in terms of Sydney’s fears about her powers and her feelings for Dina, were important elements Lillis felt the show had to explore. “Everyone’s process is different, but it’s good to interpret that and show that. It’s what high school life is and what it’s like to grow up and find out who you are. You get to really see that in Sydney,” she said.Entwistle also felt the coming of age story and the emergence of her powers all lead to a powerful theme about adolescence. &nbsp;“When you learn to take on the mantle of becoming an adult it also means taking on bad stuff and good stuff, and learning to live with it,” he said.In finding these themes, expanding the characters, and making one or two other alterations we cannot mention for the sake of spoilers, I Am Not Okay With This becomes an indie rock superhero tale with an interesting hook.“What’s the superhero origin story if Professor X never shows up at your house or Hagrid never comes to take you to Hogwarts?” is how Entwistle put it.It is a question both he and Hall hope to answer in subsequent seasons. It also something the cast hope to explore even as they hope to maintain the series’ unique balance of fantastic powers and high school angst.I Am Not Okay With This is now streaming on Netflix.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"bad, Syfy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/26115126/iamnotokaywiththis-sophia-lillis-105_KS_SG_13-600x314.jpg","slug":"how-comic-book-adaptation-i-am-not-okay-with-this-mashes-up-girl-rage-and-superpowers"},{"id":"47508810650582","title":"Critical Consensus: \"Something\" Ain’t Nothing, \"Call\" Is Not Screened","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: \"Something\" Ain't Nothing, \"Call\" Is Not Screenedby Tim Ryan | February 2, 2006 |  CommentsThis week at the movies brings something new (\"Something New\") and something remade (\"When a Stranger Calls\"). What do the critics say?Romantic comedy may be the trickiest genre to pull off, because chemistry between the leads is needed to offset what’s often a standard storyline. And the scribes say \"Something New\" is pretty hit-or-miss. The plot involves a successful African American woman who is fulfilled professionally but not in her personal life, so she goes on a blind date with a guy who, unbeknownst to her, is white. Some critics say the film delivers on its title, offering a thoughtful, interesting take on interracial relationships, with solid performances by Sanaa Lathan and Simon Baker. But others say the film doesn’t transcend its rom-com conventions. The film currently stands at 59 percent on the Tomatometer.Everyone knows to call 911 in the case of an emergency. Everyone also knows that the studios think they’ve got a stinker on their hands when they don’t screen a movie for critics. \"When a Stranger Calls\" was not screened for critics. Ring the alarm!Recent Sanaa Lathan Movies:————————————22% — Alien vs. Predator (2004)65% — Out of Time (2003)64% — Brown Sugar (2002)81% — Love and Basketball (2000)43% — Catfish in Black Bean Sauce (2000)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Disney, new, Thanksgiving, football, streaming, TV, ghosts, Games, documentary, Classic, Starz, Seed, RT21, theme","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critical-Consensus-Something-Aint-Nothing-Call-Is-Not-Screened"},{"id":"47508802513800","title":"Critical Consensus: Champ Is No Chump; Nanny Is Dire, Bean is No Holiday, Dawn Needs Rescue","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: Champ Is No Chump; Nanny Is Dire, Bean is No Holiday, Dawn Needs RescueAnd War goes unscreened. Guess that Tomatometer!by Tim Ryan | August 23, 2007 |  CommentsThis week at the multiplex, you’ll have yourchoice between babysitters (TheNanny Diaries, starringScarlettJohansson andLaura Linney)manchilds (Mr.Bean’s Holiday, starringRowan Atkinson),boxers (Resurrectingthe Champ, starringJosh Hartnettand SamuelL. Jackson),&nbsp; Mormons (SeptemberDawn, starringJon Voight),and rogues (War,starring Jet Liand JasonStatham). What are the critics saying?The Nanny Diaries features a stellar cast that includes ScarlettJohansson, Laura Linney, andPaul Giamatti, and it’s directed byRobert Pulciniand Shari Springer Berman, the team behind the wonderfully unconventional AmericanSplendor. So why, critics ask, is Diaries so mediocre? Perhaps it’sbecause the tone shifts between dark satire and lighter comedy. Johansson starsas a woman who takes a job tending to the child of an affluent-but-cold New YorkCity couple. Pundits say the biggest problem with the film is not theperformers, who do what they can with the material. It’s that their charactersare one-dimensional, and the satire lacks the edge to really make it work. At 24percent on the Tomatometer, this Diary isn’t held dear.“What’d I tell you about doing Jell-O shots before noon?\"Mr. Bean is something of an acquired taste, and critics say Mr. Bean’s Holiday may not be the place to acquire it. But they also note theirrepressible Rowan Atkinson works really hard to sell the gags, and familiescould do much worse than this good-natured comedy. With a nod toJacques Tati‘slegendary Monsieur Hulot’s Holiday, the film finds Bean leaving thedreary confines of London for Cannes, where he’s alternately mistaken for amaster filmmaker and a kidnapper. The critics say Bean is mostly harmlessfun, but if you aren’t already a fan (or a little kid) you may find this stuffpretty tough going. At 43 percent on the Tomatometer, this one might not amountto a hill of beans, but at least it’s a cut above the original Bean (36percent).“I see London, I see France…”Sort of a rough cross between Cinderella Man and Shattered Glass,Resurrecting the Champ gives you two tropes for the price of one: thewashed-up coulda-been-a-contendah and the newspaper man whose hot story may allbe a hoax. Still, critics say Champ works surprisingly well, thanks tocommitted performances from Samuel L. Jackson and Josh Hartnett. Based on a truestory, the film tells the tale of a sportswriter (Hartnett) who finds what couldbe the biggest story of his career in a homeless man (Jackson) who calls himselfChamp and claims to be a former ring king. Critics say that although the filmgets a little melodramatic at times, it’s wise in the ways of the newspaperlife, and it’s got plenty of heart. At 75 percent on the Tomatometer, Champputs up a good fight.“I’ll fight you for the merry-go-round.”September Dawn was denounced by the Mormon Church before its release; theLDS claimed it was a distortion of the faith’s history. Now it’s movie critics’turn, albeit for different reasons. Dawn tells the story of the MountainMeadows Massacre, a still-controversial 1857 attack in which a group of Mormonsattacked a wagon train (the church hotly disputes the film’s assertion that LDSpresident Brigham Young approved of the killings). Despite the presence of suchacclaimed thespians asTerence Stamp and Jon Voight, critics say the film worksneither as history nor drama, thanks to mediocre filmmaking throughout; they alsonote Dawn‘s attempts to draw parallels to contemporary conflicts aremuddled at best. Dawn currently stands at 10 percent on the Tomatometer.“Tonight we dine in Utah!”It appears the folks behind War have feared an attack from critics. Thatseems to be the reason they’re using the cinematic equivalent of camouflage: notscreening the film before its release. Jet Li and Jason Statham star in thistale of betrayal and revenge, in which the CIA, Yakuza, and Triads figureprominently. Guess that Tomatometer.“I’ll trade you all this for a Wii.”Also opening this week in limited release: Deep Water, a doc about afateful solo, around-the-world boat race, is at 100 percent; Right At YourDoor, a drama about a terrorist attack in L.A., is at 68 percent; HannahTakes the Stairs, about a young woman’s romantic angst, is at 61 percent(check out our interview withdirector Joe Swanberg here); No. 2, a Fijianfamily dramedy starring Ruby Dee, is at 56 percent; The Bothersome Man, aNorwegian drama about a man who forgets his past and finds himself in a strangetown, is at 56 percent; Dedication, an unconventional romance about atroubled children’s book author starringMandy Moore andBilly Crudup, is at 42percent; The Hottest State, theEthan Hawke-helmed tale of a singertrying to make it in New York, is at 42 percent; and Illegal Tender, adrama about a woman’s longstanding blood feud with her husband’s killer, is at33 percent.Slinky: the new cup and string.Finally, props toAudioNinja, who decided to eschew stealth and subsequentlycame the closest to guessing The Last Legion‘s 18 percent Tomatometer.Recent Scarlett Johansson Movies:——————————————37% — Scoop (2006)75% — The Prestige (2006)35% — The Black Dahlia (2006)79% — Match Point (2005)39% — A Good Woman (2005)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Discovery, the, park, concert, die, Arts, Shondaland, FX, casting","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critical-Consensus-Champ-Is-No-Chump-Nanny-Is-Dire-Bean-is-No-Holiday-Dawn-Needs-Rescue"},{"id":"47509209373243","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Insidious 3 Gets the Greenlight","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Weekly Ketchup: Insidious 3 Gets the Greenlight\n                        Plus, new roles for Leonardo DiCaprio, Michael Fassbender, Bryan Cranston, and Jack Black.\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | September 20, 2013                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThis week’s Ketchup covers seven days in which there weren’t many (confirmed/non-rumor) “big stories,” and some of those that did break out were sort of “rotten” (like the new Jack Black, Adam Sandler and Vince Vaughn movies).  On the “Fresh” side of movie development stories, we have new films for Bryan Cranston, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Michael Fassbender.\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nHORROR SPECIALISTS BLUMHOUSE GREENLIGHT INSIDIOUS 3 AND INCARNATE\n\nThis past weekend, the horror sequel Insidious: Chapter 2 opened to over $41 million in domestic box office, which broke two records.  The opening Friday of Insidious 2 was the biggest horror debut of 2013 (thus far). More significantly, the opening weekend was the biggest live action September opening ever (though that may just say more about what a low attendance month September usually is).  The horror-centric production company Blumhouse Productions (also home to Paranormal Activity and Sinister) specializes in these sorts of films which can be made on a smaller budget ($5 million in the case of Insidious: Chapter 2), and with audiences continuing to turn out for them, Blumhouse is not going to be stopping anytime soon.  And so, Leigh Whannell, who wrote the first two Insidious movies, has signed on to write Insidious 3 as well.  Director James Wan has moved on to the Fast &amp; Furious franchise with next year’s seventh film (and has stated a desire in leaving horror for a while), so Blumhouse is most likely looking for a replacement for Wan for Insidious 3.  It’s not yet known if previous actors like Patrick Wilson and Rose Byrne will be returning for Insidious 3. The winning post-Paranormal Activity formula for Blumhouse films appears to be using marquee name stars that aren’t so expensive as to raise the budget too much (such as Ethan Hawke in Sinister and The Purge).  The latest actor to apparently fall into that sweet spot between “affordable” and “box office draw” is Aaron Eckhart, who has signed with Blumhouse to star in the exorcism horror movie Incarnate.  Director Brad Peyton will make Incarnate his third feature film after debuting with Cats &amp; Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore, and most recently directing Journey 2: The Mysterious Island.  Aaron Eckhart will star in Incarnate as an exorcist who excels in his profession due to his ability to “tap into the subconscious of the possessed,” but is challenged when his latest client is a 9-year-old boy who is possessed by a demon from the exorcist’s past.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 BRYAN CRANSTON FOLLOWS BREAKING BAD WITH THE BLACKLIST BIOPIC TRUMBO\n\nWe’ve been hearing a fair amount lately about Aaron Paul’s post-Breaking Bad plans (the Need for Speed videogame movie, Joshua in the Biblical epic Exodus, and the indie drama Hellion).  Bryan Cranston himself, however, has been pretty much a non-presence in the news, excluding two movies that are already long wrapped (the indie crime thriller Cold Comes the Night and the Godzilla reboot).  We learned this week what Cranston’s next film role after Walter White will be, and it’s got “awards season” written all over it. Cranston has signed to play blacklisted Hollywood Ten member screenwriter Dalton Trumbo in a biopic called Trumbo (not to be confused with the 2007 documentary of the same title).  Trumbo will be directed by Jay Roach, who is most famous for directing the three Austin Powers, Meet the Parents, and Meet the Fockers, but of late who has transitioned to directing more political movies like Recount, The Campaign, and Game Change. Dalton Trumbo was blacklisted for refusing to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, but continued to work in Hollywood under “fronts”, including two movies for which he won an Academy Award (The Brave One and Roman Holiday, awarded posthumously). Dalton Trumbo helped break the blacklist when he received credit for Exodus and Spartacus. Trumbo’s last film as screenwriter was the 1973 prison movie Papillon, starring Steve McQueen and Dustin Hoffman.  Filming of Trumbo is expected to start in early 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#2 LEONARDO DICAPRIO TO PLAY PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON\n\nThere are U.S. presidents who were always famous and popular, those who quickly descended into obscurity, and then other presidents whose public popularity has always vacillated.  The 28th POTUS, Woodrow Wilson, is arguably in that latter group.  President from 1913 to 1921, Woodrow Wilson was a leader of the Progressive movement, and an adamant anti-war advocate who eventually became convinced of the importance of the United States becoming involved in World War I. And yet, today, Wilson probably wouldn’t even make most people’s lists of the ten most important presidents (presuming they can even list ten United States Presidents, of course).  Reviving the reputation of Woodrow Wilson might just be what Leonardo DiCaprio had on his mind this week when it was announced that his Appian Way production company is partnering with Warner Bros for an adaptation of the recently published biography Wilson by A. Scott Berg.  In addition to producing, Leonardo DiCaprio will also star as the 28th President. It’s worth noting, however, that with neither a screenwriter nor a director announced, Wilson is probably at least a few years away from actually happening.  Whichever year Warner Bros eventually picks in this decade for its release will coincide with the 100th anniversary of an important event in Wilson’s presidential career.\n\n\n\t\n#3 MICHAEL FASSBENDER FINALLY GETS HIS GUN IN WESTERN SLOW WEST\n\nFans of Michael Fassbender may have been disappointed when the departure of director Lynne Ramsay from the western Jane Got Her Gun led to the actor also departing the project.  This week, however, we learned that the movie he’s been quietly developing with short film director John Maclean will itself be a western called Slow West.  There’s really no other details right now, except that Fassbender will be joined by Ben Mendelsohn (Animal Kingdom, Killing Them Softly) and Kodi Smit-McPhee (The Road, Let Me In).  Funding comes from the U.K. and New Zealand, and filming is scheduled to film in the latter location later this year.\n\n\n\t\n#4 LUCAS BLACK RETURNS TO CONNECT FAST &amp; FURIOUS 7 (AND 8 &amp; 9) WITH TOKYO DRIFT\n\nThe movie’s been out for seven years now, so this writer presumes its safe to talk about the ending of The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift, but if you’re still spoiler-conscious, stop reading now. Still there? So, yes, the ending of that third released movie created something of a confusing chronology for the three Fast &amp; Furious movies that followed it, because they all took place before we see Vin Diesel’s cameo as Dominic Toretto in the final scene.  So, for people who actually spend time thinking about the intra-film continuity of the Fast &amp; Furious franchise, the question has lingered about when and how Tokyo Drift would be tied back in.  Well, we now have an idea, because Lucas Black has signed to reprise his character of Sean Boswell for not just Fast &amp; Furious 7, but also movies #8 and #9, as part of the cast of what will become the franchise’s third de facto trilogy. This move will mean that future audiences who want to watch the franchise in chronological order will have to watch them in this order: 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 3, 7, 8, 9. Fast &amp; Furious 7 will be released by Universal Pictures on July 11, 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#5 VIDEOGAME ADAPTATION DANTE’S INFERNO POSSESSED BY EVIL DEAD DIRECTOR\n\nIn late 2009 to early 2010, if you were part of EA’s target demographic, you really couldn’t escape the publicity around their video game Dante’s Inferno. And then, the game came out, the reviews were negative/mixed, the sales were “so so,” and it’s three and a half years later, and there’s still no confirmation of a sequel game. Hollywood, however, doesn’t always adapt the movies that would seem the most obvious sources (or when they should be adapted), so, why shouldn’t it work in reverse?  In other words, despite all of the aforementioned, Universal Pictures is still moving ahead with plans for a feature film based on the Dante’s Inferno video game (which itself was a graphically gory action game only very loosely based on anything Dante Alighieri actually wrote). The reason we know that Universal is moving ahead with the movie is that they have started talks with director Fede Alvarez, who did a better job with the reboot of Evil Dead earlier this year than many were expecting (ie, it wasn’t a catastrophe and/or abomination of horror filmmaking). The latest screenplay draft of the Dante’s Inferno adaptation was by Jay Basu (who wrote the upcoming DTV sequel Monsters: Dark Continent), working from a first draft by Bruce McKenna (who worked on episodes of HBO’s Band of Brothers and The Pacific).\n\n\n\nRotten Ideas of the Week\n\t\n#4 ADAM SANDLER GOES INDIE AS THE COBBLER\n\nOne of the most distracting blips in the otherwise fairly straight line that is Adam Sandler’s film career is the 2002 movie Punch-Drunk Love that he starred in for director Paul Thomas Anderson (the movie he directed in between Magnolia and There Will Be Blood).  Well, it’s been over ten years since then, and now, Adam Sandler is again in talks to work with an acclaimed director on his fourth movie.  That director is Tom McCarthy, whose first three movies were The Station Agent, The Visitor, and Win Win, and the movie in question is called The Cobbler.  If Sandler signs on, he will play a modern day cobbler who has the “ability to metaphysically step into the lives of the people whose shoes he repairs.”   Coincidentally, that premise actually sounds like it could have been one of Cartman’s movie pitches in the South Park episode “AWESOM-O.” This will be, however, a Tom McCarthy indie film, so the eventual result will surely be much different than if it was yet another Happy Madison “comedy” production. Consider The Cobbler a “borderline” movie caught somewhere in the limbo between the track records of McCarthy and Sandler.\n\n\n\n#3 UNNECESSARY ENGLISH LANGUAGE REMAKE OF TROLLHUNTER STILL HAPPENING\n\nPart of the allure of the 2010 monster movie Trollhunter was precisely how Norwegian it was, all of which was completely appropriate because of how inherently Scandinavian/Norwegian the myths of trolls are.  It’s exactly the sort of movie that would seem to lose its raison d’etre as an English language remake (including the fact that the movie also had a sense of humor about itself). Anyway, not long after the U.S. release of Trollhunter, Chris Columbus and his 1492 Productions started development of an English language remake anyway, and this week, we found out that it’s going to be happening this winter while there’s still snow on the ground.  The Trollhunter remake will be directed by Neil Marshall, who has something of a mixed record as a director (Dog Soldiers and The Descent were “Fresh”; Doomsday and Centurion were “Rotten”).   You can watch the original Trollhunter online via Netflix’s “Watch Instantly” section.\n\n\n\t\n#2 VINCE VAUGHN REUNITES WITH COUPLES RETREAT DIRECTOR FOR TERM LIFE\n\nIt takes an extra something special to be the worst-reviewed movie on Vince Vaughn’s RT Tomatometer, but that’s the distinction obtained by the 2009 “comedy” Couples Retreat.  This week, it was confirmed that Universal Pictures has greenlit a movie called Term Life that will reunite Vince Vaughn with that movie’s director Peter Billingsley. Hailee Steinfeld (True Grit, Ender’s Game) will also costar as the daughter of Vaughn’s character, who will be a criminal in trouble with the mob who takes out a life insurance policy that will only pay out if he can stay alive for 21 days.  Term Life is an adaptation of an Image Comics title so treasured by the company that they allow the “official site” to be a broken mess as the big movie adaptation is announced.\n\n\n\t\n#1 DOES THE IDEA OF JACK BLACK IN A “SCARY” KIDS MOVIE GIVE YOU GOOSEBUMPS?\n\nJack Black is now in negotiations with Sony Pictures to star in their long-planned feature film adaptation of the popular R.L. Stine “scary” children’s book series Goosebumps.  As long as the existence of a Goosebumps movie project has been around, the obvious question has been how one movie would adapt a book franchise with dozens of standalone stories.  We now know the answer is that Jack Black will play an R.L. Stine-esque author character “whose scary characters literally leap off the page, forcing him to hide from his own creepy creations.” So, it’s basically like a cross between A Night at the Museum and John Carpenter’s In the Mouth of Madness. But probably with more talking ventriloquist’s dummies. Goosebumps will also mark the third time that Jack Black has worked with director Rob Letterman, who also directed Black in Gulliver’s Travels and the DreamWorks Animation movie Shark Tale. This announcement was rather uncoincidentally made on Friday the 13th (but late enough in the day to miss last week’s Ketchup cut).\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"mockumentary, sports","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Insidious-3-Gets-the-Greenlight"},{"id":"47617856027119","title":"The Great Directors: Clint Eastwood Will Make Your Day!","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"and, parents, remakes, Awards, Chernobyl, latino, TV","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"great_directors_clint_eastwood"},{"id":"47509021761401","title":"Video: Bob Odenkirk Assures Better Call Saul Fans: ‘We’re Not Making Snuff Films’","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Bob Odenkirk Assures Better Call Saul Fans: 'We're Not Making Snuff Films'by Debbie Day | April 4, 2017 |  CommentsWhy does Saul Goodman make Bob Odenkirk sad? Rotten Tomatoes’ Grae Drake finds out when she talks to&nbsp;the Better Call Saul star about the season 3 emergence of Jimmy McGill’s criminally inclined alter ego.Better Call Saul returns to AMC on Monday, April 10","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"twilight, action, Universe, spinoff, high, werewolf, street, books, Paramount, best, Mary","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/05132754/Representative-YouTube-bob-odenkirk-600x314.jpg","slug":"video-bob-odenkirk-better-call-saul-interview"},{"id":"47509128854368","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Cars 2 Finishes First","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Cars 2 Finishes FirstPlus, Bad Teacher has solid opening, and Green Lantern falls big.by Gitesh Pandya | June 27, 2011 |  CommentsThis weekend, two new releases opened big as Pixar’s 3D animated sequel Cars 2 and the raunchy Cameron Diaz comedy Bad Teacher both excited their target audiences pumping in nearly $100M worth of ticket sales at the North American box office.Scoring its twelfth number one hit, Pixar’s Cars 2 finished in first place by a mile with an estimated $68M during its opening weekend making for the fourth biggest June debut ever behind Toy Story 3 ($110.3M), Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen ($109M), and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban ($93.7M). The Disney release raced into 4,115 theaters – a new high for a Pixar toon – and averaged a stellar $16,525. The strength of the Pixar brand and the Cars franchise meant more to audiences than the flood of negative reviews from critics who gave the animation studio what were by far its worst marks ever.Audiences continued to show their distrust of 3D as those screens contributed just 40% of the gross. That follows opening weekend shares of 45% for Kung Fu Panda 2 last month and 56% for Rio in April despite the fact that Pixar has always been the leader of computer animation. Among Pixar films, the Cars 2 opening was on par with the $68.1M of 2009’s Up which was the first 3D offering from the studio but, as expected, well below the launch of Toy Story 3 from a year ago.[rtimage]siteImageId=10244298[/rtimage]In the world of cartoons, Cars has been one of the most successful brands when it comes to merchandising, consistently selling products long after the original film bowed to $60.1M in June 2006. That free in-home advertising helped the sequel. Film critics may have rejected Cars 2, but kids were truly excited and they – and their parents – are the ones who spend at the box office. And those customers liked the spy-themed sequel as the CinemaScore grade was an A-. With a hefty budget of $200M, Cars 2 has a long road ahead of it to make back the production and marketing costs. However since Pixar films usually reach about four times their opening weekend tallies, this one could match or exceed the $244.1M of its predecessor. Plus overseas grosses should get a major shot in the arm thanks to a strong international market for 3D and the film’s global setting that takes the story to Tokyo, Paris, London, and the Italian Riviera.Cameron Diaz enjoyed one of the best openings of her career with the raunchy school comedy Bad Teacher which powered well ahead of expectations to debut to an estimated $31M. The Sony release averaged a terrific $10,167 from only 3,049 locations and played best to adult women who have been underserved in recent weeks thanks to male-skewing action films topping the charts all month leading into this weekend. Reviews were mixed though more negative than positive, and audiences did not find it all that enjoyable either with the CinemaScore grade being a disappointing C+. But starpower from Diaz along with co-stars Jason Segel and Justin Timberlake helped to drive in business as did an interesting story involving a foul-mouthed and underachieving middle school teacher trying to score herself a sugar daddy. The studio’s marketing push was effective too.[rtimage]siteImageId=10244299[/rtimage]Films that Diaz has anchored solo have generally fared poorly at the box office while those with other famous co-stars have opened better but still below Teacher. Last summer’s Knight &amp; Day with Tom Cruise bowed to $20.1M (with $27.4M over 5 days) while 2008’s What Happens in Vegas with Ashton Kutcher debuted to $20.2M. Her overall top openings have come from the Shrek and Charlie’s Angels franchises which were much more expensive productions compared to her new R-rated comedy which reportedly cost only $20M. Exit polls showed that 63% of the crowd was female and 57% was 25 and older. With nothing similar to Bad Teacher opening over next weekend’s Independence Day holiday session, the studio hopes to keep attendance high for at least another week so it can get on track to reach the $100M mark.The big budget super hero pic Green Lantern collapsed in its second weekend tumbling 66% to an estimated $18.4M giving the studio a disappointing $89.3M in the first ten days. That was less than what past June comic book films have done in the same amount of time including 2005’s Batman Begins ($103.2M), 2003’s Hulk ($100.6M), 2007’s Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer ($97.5M), and 2008’s The Incredible Hulk ($97.1M). The Marvel heroes all finished in the $130-135M range while Christopher Nolan’s Caped Crusader reboot had good legs and topped $200M. Given the public’s rejection of Green Lantern, and Tuesday night’s arrival of the newest Transformers film, a lackluster final domestic take of around $120-125M may result. Overseas results for Warner Bros. have not been too strong so far.In its third weekend, the sci-fi thriller Super 8 collected an estimated $12.1M for fourth place. Off 44%, the $50M Paramount release has taken in a solid $95.2M and may end its run with an impressive $125-135M. Produced for one-fourth of the budget of Green Lantern and backed by a less costly marketing campaign, Super 8 should end up with a larger domestic gross.[rtimage]siteImageId=10244300[/rtimage]Fox grabbed the next two spots with its latest summer titles. The Jim Carrey family comedy Mr. Popper’s Penguins held up moderately well in its second weekend despite new competition for kids dropping 44% to an estimated $10.3M. With $39.4M in ten days, a $70M final seems likely. The super hero pic X-Men: First Class grossed an estimated $6.6M, down 45%, giving the studio $132.8M to date.R-rated wedding comedies The Hangover Part II and Bridesmaids kept bringing in audiences with estimates of $5.9M and $5.4M, respectively. The Warner Bros. sequel fell 42% and has banked $243.9M to date while Universal’s sleeper sensation eased by only 24% putting the remarkable total at $146.7M. Both Bridesmaids and Super 8 have displayed good legs and will be very profitable proving that good filmmaking can often trump lavish marketing at the box office.Rounding out the top ten were two films from opposite ends of the budget spectrum. Disney’s pricey 3D fourquel Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides slipped only 29% to an estimated $4.7M boosting the domestic tally to $229.1M. Woody Allen’s modestly priced runaway hit Midnight in Paris dipped by a scant 8% to an estimated $4.5M giving Sony Classics $28.6M to date. A final gross topping $50M is not out of the question.The top ten films grossed an estimated $166.8M which was up 8% from last year when Toy Story 3 stayed in the top spot with $59.3M in its second frame; but down 13% from 2009 when Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen opened at number one with $109M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, Box Office Guru!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Unbreakable, quibi, frames, Arrowverse","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Cars-2-Finishes-First"},{"id":"47509103619696","title":"Box Office: Zootopia Threepeats, Allegiant Settles For #2","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Zootopia Threepeats, Allegiant Settles For #2by Gitesh Pandya | March 20, 2016 |  CommentsThis weekend, showing remarkable stamina, Disney’s runaway toon juggernaut Zootopia held the number one spot for a third time in a row grossing a sensational $38M, according to estimates. Off a mere 26% thanks to terrific buzz, the PG-rated hit hopped over the $200M mark in only 17 days to reach a new domestic cume of $201.8M.Among third weekend grosses, Zootopia‘s tally ranks eighth best of all-time trailing behind mostly super hero films and sequels. In fact, the only original property to ever make more in its third weekend was Avatar. If the estimate holds, the bunny cop pic will also edge out the $37.9M of Shrek 2 for the best third frame ever among animated films. Third weekend grosses of recent mega-toons include $29.8M for Inside Out, $22.9M for Minions, and $22.6M for&nbsp;Frozen.With Good Friday and Easter Sunday coming up next weekend, and many schools being on break this week, sales should continue to be solid. The massive $100M+ launch of Batman v Superman will certainly be a vacuum affecting all films in the marketplace and at the very least will provide competition for older kids and mainstream crowds. But Zootopia still has a great shot at reaching $300M domestic becoming only the ninth animated film of all-time to pass that mark.The mammal metropolis film remained a giant force around the world with an international take of $64.8M for a global grab of $102.8M this weekend. Offshore grosses rose to $389.9M led by China which accounts for almost half of that with a stunning $173.4M surpassing the $146M of Kung Fu Panda 3&nbsp;from earlier this year. Zootopia is showing strong holds everywhere and has no plans of going away anytime soon. The U.K. opens next weekend followed by Japan next month putting the Disney behemoth on course to shatter $1 billion at the worldwide box office. Only three other toons have ever done that – Frozen,&nbsp;Minions, and Toy Story 3.Franchise fatigue swooped in to affect The Divergent Series: Allegiant which opened in second place with an estimated $29.1M. The first two films in the&nbsp;Divergent series debuted at number one over this same weekend during the past two years and each broke $50M in the process. Pummeled with poor reviews,&nbsp;Allegiant opened 44% below last year’s Insurgent and 47% below 2014’s Divergent. The new film averaged $7,767 from 3,740 locations this weekend and carried a budget estimated to be north of $100M.The Hunger Games franchise was in a similar situation with its first two installments both opening close to each other ($150-160M in that case) while the third film (the first of two films based on the final book) saw a significant drop in opening weekend turnout. Mockingjay Part 1 bowed 23% below Catching Fire. The key difference for Divergent is that its grosses are at a much lower level, and the erosion suffered by the third film is much more pronounced.Word of mouth on Allegiant is not so good as evidenced by the so-so B CinemaScore grade it earned from paying moviegoers. Given how past Divergent&nbsp;films have played out in the March-April corridor, it would be hard to imagine Allegiant reaching more than $75M by the end of its domestic run. That puts intense pressure on the shoulders of Lionsgate’s final film in this series, Ascendant, which is slated for a June 9 release next year becoming the first in the franchise to get a summer release date. The final book was not well-liked by readers so that was an obstacle that the movie series has always had to face.One week before Easter, the faith-based true story Miracles from Heaven scored a hit with a good third place bow of an estimated $15M from 3,047 locations for a $4,923 average. Sony launched the inspirational pic on Wednesday with solid mid-weeks putting the five-day debut at $18.6M. The audience for the $13M production was 65% female and 75% over 25. Miracles earned a glowing A+ grade from CinemaScore audiences. Good word of mouth and upcoming religious holidays could bode well for the road ahead on this PG-rated pic.Dropping 49% in its second weekend was Paramount’s 10 Cloverfield Lane with an estimated $12.5M pushing the cume to $45.2M. It was a fine hold for a sci-fi sequel and the under $20M production looks to reach about $70M. Fox’s Deadpool followed with an estimated $8M, off only 27%, for a new total of $340.9M. Overseas grosses climbed to $389.7M putting the global gross at an astounding $730.6M. A big test will come next weekend when the super hero tentpole Batman v Superman opens.Gerard Butler’s action sequel London Has Fallen declined by 36% to an estimated $6.9M giving Focus $50.1M to date. Tina Fey saw a 40% dip for her comedy Whiskey Tango Foxtrot which collected an estimated $2.8M for $19.3M so far for Paramount.A pair of sophomore titles with huge drops followed. Lionsgate’s relationship film The Perfect Match took in an estimated $1.9M, down 56%, while Sony’s spy flop The Brothers Grimsby tumbled 57% to an estimated $1.4M. New cumes are $7.3M and $5.9M, respectively.Leonardo DiCaprio and his Oscar statue rounded out the top ten with The Revenant which dropped 40% to an estimated $1.2M. The Fox hit has spent ten weeks in the top ten this year and has amassed $181.2M from North America. Domestic may be winding down, but China just got started this weekend with a huge $33.4M opening pushing the international cume into triple century territory at $302M. Global is at $483.2M and will smash the half-billion mark by the end of this week.The top ten films grossed an estimated $116.8M which was even with last year when Insurgent opened at number one with $52.3M; and down 10% from 2014 when Divergent debuted in the top spot with $54.6M.Compared to projections, The Divergent Series: Allegiant debuted a couple of notches below my $31M forecast while Miracles from Heaven came in higher than my $11M prediction.&nbsp;Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following BoxOfficeGuru.com on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"E!, nature, Superheroes, TV, Nat, Elton","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/20154023/zooo-rep.jpg","slug":"box-office-zootopia-threepeats-allegiant-settles-for-2"},{"id":"47614621351006","title":"On DVD This Week: Spectre, Crimson Peak, The Leftovers, and More","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})On DVD This Week: Spectre, Crimson Peak, The Leftovers, and Moreby Ryan Fujitani | February 8, 2016 |  CommentsThis week on home video, we have the latest James Bond film, a gothic romance from the mind of Guillermo Del Toro, and a much-discussed HBO series, as well as a couple of acclaimed indies, a fascinating doc, and more.&nbsp;Read on for details:Welcome To Leith (2015)  96%This documentary tells the story of a small North Dakota town’s resistance to an attempted takeover by white supremacists. It’s only available on DVD, and there isn’t any information available on special features.Get it Here99 Homes (2015)  92%Andrew Garfield and Michael Shannon star in Ramin Bahrani’s Certified Fresh drama about&nbsp;a man who gets a job evicting homeowners who defaulted on their mortgages in order to stave off financial troubles of his own. This one’s also only available on DVD, and it also lacks info on special features.Get it HereGrandma (2015)  91%Lily Tomlin stars in Paul Weitz’s&nbsp;comedy about a woman who visits a bunch of old friends in order to borrow money to help her granddaughter out of a jam. Bonus features include a commentary track, a making-of doc, and a cast/director Q&amp;A.Get it HereThe Leftovers: Season 2 (2015)  94%So, season two, huh? That was pretty bonkers, wasn’t it? HBO’s most divisive series (for audiences) nevertheless scored a Certified Fresh 87 percent in its sophomore season, relocating the Garveys to a new town with mysteries of its own. The season set comes with all ten episodes and no extras.Get it HereThe Emigrants (Utvandrarna) (1971)  92%The Criterion Collection’s new release this week is Jan Troell’s two-part immigration story starring Max Von Sydow and Liv Ullmann as a Swedish farming couple who move to the US during the 1800s and attempt to begin a new life. The set comes with 1971’s The Emigrants and 1972’s The New Land, plus special features.Get it HereCrimson Peak (2015)  72%Mia Wasikowska, Tom Hiddleston, and Jessica Chastain star in Guillermo Del Toro’s gothic supernatural drama about an aspiring writer who is whisked away by a dashing baronet to an old English mansion, where specters begin to appear to her. Bonus features include a handful of featurettes on the visual design, the genre, the setting, and more, plus deleted scenes and a commentary track.Get it HereSpectre (2015)  63%The latest outing for 007 (and purportedly the last for Daniel Craig) finds Bond encountering a shadowy figure from his past as he uncovers a vast network of evil operatives. Extras include a look at the opening sequence, a handful of video blogs, and a collection of production stills.Get it HereMI-5 (Spooks: The Greater Good) (2015)  63%Speaking of operatives, Kit Harington and Peter Firth star in this lesser known&nbsp;thriller about a spy who goes off the grid in search of an escaped terrorist. It comes with a making-of doc and some deleted scenes.Get it HereLove the Coopers (2015)  18%Diane Keaton and Alan Arkin lead an all-star cast in this ensemble holiday comedy about a family matriarch who gathers four generations of her clan together for a Christmas Eve celebration. Special features include a making-of doc, a pair of featurettes, and a music video.Get it Here","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Kaling, Comedy, Grant, CBS, fresh, Nat, Nickelodeon, dragons, police, 21st, ABC, Series, YouTube, demand, Sabrina","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"on-dvd-this-week-spectre-crimson-peak-the-leftovers-and-more"},{"id":"47509031679950","title":"Video: Bryce Dallas Howard Has an Amazing Imaginary Friend","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Bryce Dallas Howard Has an Amazing Imaginary Friendby Grae Drake | August 10, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Bryce Dallas Howard from&nbsp;Pete’s Dragon&nbsp;about her exceptional imaginary friend, and then spoke to her, plus&nbsp;cast-mates&nbsp;Robert Redford, Oona Laurence, and Oakes Fegley, about telling stories, what other animals Eliott the Dragon is like, and how Karl Urban is Disney’s newest villain!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"unscripted, Esquire, binge, NBC, spider-man, and, crime, Fall, Holiday, Globe, Day, Lifetime, New, Plus","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/10135515/Bryce-Dallas-Howard-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-bryce-dallas-howard-has-an-amazing-imaginary-friend"},{"id":"47508676690702","title":"Weekly Binge: Top of the Lake","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Binge: Top of the LakeWe give you what you need to know to dive into the popular shows everyone's talking about.by Catherine Pricci | March 6, 2014 |  CommentsThe Weekly Binge shifts gears to bring you a mini-series that could help fill the void once you finish True Detective. It may not have been on your radar when it premiered a year ago, so this week, we give you Sundance’s Top of the Lake.&nbsp;Top of the LakeWhat’s the premise? A detective submerges herself into a world of small-town secrets while investigating the disappearance of a pregnant 12 year-old girl.What’s it like? Jane Campion takes her time when telling a story, but the payoff is well worth it. This series is like watching a great cinematic achievement, except in seven well-conceived installments of continuing storyline. It may be a slow burn, but the moody storytelling combines the grittiness of Homicide: Life on the Street with the meditative pace of The Wire .Where can I see it? It’s streaming on Netflix, and available for download on iTunes, Amazon, and Vudu.How long will it take? Since this was only a seven episode mini-series, you can easily finish this in a weekend. And if you’re feeling ambitious, there’s no reason why you couldn’t do it all in a day.What do the critics think? Top of the Lake is Certified Fresh at 93% on the Tomatometer and most of the critics agree that the acting is top-notch. Matt Roush of TV Guide says, “Its world is so specific and transcendently trippy, haunted by mythic legends rooted in this unforgiving geography, that it feels wondrously fresh, alien and unforgettable,” while Maureen Ryan of the Huffington Post claims, “It has the kind of premise we’ve seen many times before. Rarely, however, will you see such visual rigor, emotional intelligence and assured storytelling brought to a mystery tale told in this kind of world.”Why should I watch this? This is a hidden gem that got a lot of love from the awards circuit, but isn’t familiar to the general public. The mini-series and its star, Mad Men’s Elizabeth Moss, were nominated for Critics Choice, Emmy, Golden Globe, and SAG Awards. (Moss took the Golden Globe and Critic’s Choice awards). Top of the Lake is a layered show in which the subplots hovering around the main plot are little mysteries themselves. Lake leaves you thinking about what you just saw and trying to make sense of it. Best of all, the end is nothing you will see coming.What’s my next step? Top of the Lake is the first TV endeavor since An Angel at My Table by Jane Campion, who co-created, co-wrote and co-directed the series. Campion also did double duty directing and writing The Piano in 1993, starring a young Anna Paquin who went on to win Best Supporting Actress at the age of 11. Paquin was originally asked to play the role of Robin in Top of the Lake, but bowed out due to her pregnancy. Holly Hunter, who starred with Paquin in The Piano, has a role in Lake, and if you find you’re enjoying Campion’s work, check out her film Bright Star. If you have a hankering for dark, edgy dramas, you may want to check out The Killing or The Following. Also, one of the most buzzworthy gritty detective shows is True Detective, which ends its first season this Sunday, March 9, making it a perfect time to binge one of the biggest series of the year.What do you like about Top of the Lake? How would you explain it to a newbie? Get in on the conversation here.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"psycho, It, Go, james, worst, Holiday, venice, leads, The, and, Hulu","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Top-of-the-Lake.jpg","slug":"weekly-binge-top-of-the-lake"},{"id":"47612117377203","title":"To All the Boys Author Jenny Han’s Valentine’s Binge Guide: Rom-Coms to Make Your Heart Soar","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})To All the Boys Author Jenny Han's Valentine's Binge Guide: Rom-Coms to Make Your Heart SoarBridget Jones’s Diary and You’ve Got Mail are just a couple of the romantic comedies that inspire the woman who created Lara Jean Covey and Peter Kavinsky’s epic love story.by Whitney Friedlander | February 13, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by Sarah Shatz/Netflix)Author Jenny Han is an expert on crushes, romances and meet-cutes. In addition to other titles in her catalog, her To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before&nbsp;book trilogy is an international best-seller that has inspired three Netflix movies – the last of which, To All the Boys: Always and Forever, was released February 12 on the streaming channel. Peppered with references, both vague and blatant, to its rom-com ancestors, the films follow Lana Condor’s high schooler Lara Jean Covey and her commitment to baked goods, her sisters, and, eventually, her near-perfect boyfriend, Peter Kavinsky (Noah Centineo).So it isn’t really a surprise that Han is frequently asked about her favorite romantic comedies.“I’ve gone back and forth over it, but for me, my favorite that I can turn on and it puts me in a good mood and it’s just comforting is Bridget Jones’s Diary,” Han says of the Renée Zellweger film. “I think it’s a gold standard. And I mean, there’s a reason she (Zellweger) was nominated for an Academy Award for that.”And, as anyone who has read Han’s books or seen the To All the Boys movies knows, she says she “love(s) love triangles.” Han says that the one in Bridget Jones&nbsp;particularly works because the two potential suitors, Colin Firth’s Mark Darcy and Hugh Grant’s Daniel Cleaver, both “feel like legitimate options, even though Daniel is a cad.”This isn’t to say that Han has seen every&nbsp;romantic comedy ever. She tried watching Broadcast News&nbsp;on a plane and failed and says that “I don’t think I fully appreciated” Heartburn&nbsp;because she saw it as a kid when a friend’s older sister had rented it. Han remembers that she “drifted away from the television” thinking that the relationship dynamic between Meryl Streep’s Rachel Samstat and Jack Nicholson’s Mark Forman “seems messed up.” (She was not wrong.)It’s even debatable whether or not those two movies are even romantic comedies – something that also happens a lot to movies about teens.“For instance, I would say that Breakfast Club gets shelved in romantic comedy,” Han says. However, “I don’t really think it’s that romantic. I think, with a teen love story, oftentimes it’s a lot more about their whole life and family and stuff. And I think, oftentimes, with adult romantic comedies, it’s really more about the romance. And so I think coming-of-age can be shelved also in romantic comedy.”Read on for a list of some movies (and one TV show!) that are some of Han’s favorite romantic comedies – even if her definition of the term may be up for debate.Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)Chemistry is great. It’s really romantic. I am obviously a Mark Darcy kind of person. I love Mr. Darcy. But I will admit, though, that Bridget and Daniel’s first kiss? It’s better than her first kiss with Mr. Darcy, I think, just for chemistry reasons.Sleepless in Seattle (1993)Tom Hanks is just so, I don’t know. He’s so charming in it. And then she’s [Meg Ryan] at the top of her game, too. And it’s crazy because they’re only, I think, on screen together for three or four minutes. So you’re left wanting more. You’re like, “What next, what next?” when they go down the elevator [at the end of the movie]. But it’s just really smart. I love [director and co-writer] Nora Ephron.You've Got Mail (1998)[Nora Ephron] a New York lady, a New York writer, and I appreciate that about her. For You’ve Got Mail, which is another one of my favorite rom-coms, I know that she used to go to Books of Wonder, which is a kid’s bookstore on 18th Street [that serves as the model for The Shop Around The Corner, the store that Meg Ryan’s character, Kathleen Kelly, runs]. She used to go in there quite a bit for, I think, her kid or her nephew or something. And I remember I had gotten a job there when I was right out of college because I wanted to have that Kathleen Kelly/The Shop Around The Corner experience. I think they said Meg had done a shift there once, and so did [co-star] Steve Zahn, just to get the vibe of working in that kind of store.It Happened One Night (1934)It’s one of the first black-and-white movies I’d ever seen, and I felt like, “Wow, okay. So black-and-white movies aren’t boring.” Because it was so electric, and I love the zingers back and forth and the dialogue.The Philadelphia Story (1940)Philadelphia Story I love. And again, I think, I just like really complicated stories.&nbsp;That one’s like a love square, which is fun.Amélie (2001)It’s funny how a lot of films aren’t exactly romantic comedies, but they get shelved there because there’s no other space for them. But I would put Amelie&nbsp;as a favorite romantic movie. I don’t know if it’s a romantic comedy. It has the twisty, fun, game-playing.Heartbreaker (L'Arnacoeur) (2010)[Romain Duris’s Alex Lippi] gets hired to break up [Vanessa Paradis’s Juliette Van Der Becq’s] engagement. It was fun, with these mechanisms and stratagems.Notting Hill (1999)I remember watching Notting Hill and being really wowed by it, which actually stands up pretty well.&nbsp;Notting Hill has a pretty big gesture at the end when he [Hugh Grant’s William Thacker] goes to the press conference [for Julia Roberts’ actress, Anna Scott]. But it’s funny because when he goes to make the grand gesture, it’s all hopping in a car, and everyone’s running there, and you got the music, and then he gets there and he gets very small. He’s like, “Oh, excuse me.” He gets small in the acting of it, where it’s not the big, big gesture. It feels like a small moment, but maybe that’s why it feels really real.Groundhog Day (1993)I think it is [a romantic comedy]. I mean, it is about him trying to get her to love him every day.FleabagOftentimes British humor and romance is less sentimental. It’s wry and it’s a little more, I don’t know, self-deprecating and not as prone to the big grand gestures. Maybe a little bit smaller and more real.&nbsp;Fleabag is a perfect example of how I think Brits do [romantic comedy] so well, which is almost toning it down [and] bringing it to this really human level and still making your heart soar.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"spanish, Television, New, Disney+, Kimmy, service, VH1, Con, venice, Diego, Pirates, rt, Valentine's, movies","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"to-all-the-boys-author-jenny-hans-valentines-binge-guide-rom-coms-to-make-your-heart-soar"},{"id":"47611691065437","title":"Indie Fresh List: Come True, Our Mothers, and Kid 90","content":"Indie Fresh Listvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Indie Fresh List: Come True, Our Mothers, and Kid 90Check out the latest Fresh indie releases, including what's in theaters, what's on VOD, and what's coming soon.by Jacqueline Coley | March 12, 2021 |  CommentsJoin us weekly as&nbsp;Rotten Tomatoes reports on what’s indie features are streaming. From promising releases by new voices to&nbsp;experimental efforts&nbsp;from storied filmmakers – or perhaps the next indie darling to go the distance for end-of-year accolades – we will break it all down for you here each week.This week for our&nbsp;Indie Fresh List, we have a time capsule documentary about young Hollywood in the ’80s/’90s, a heart-wrenching drama about the&nbsp;Guatemalan military coup as seen through the eyes of the women who lived through it, and a Certified Fresh horror film that asks what would happen if your dreams turned on you.New This WeekendCome True (2021) 86%An inventive way to subvert the expectations of horror fans is to turn the innocuous into the terrifying; the Certifed Fresh&nbsp;Come True&nbsp;utilizes dreams as a new ignition point to ratchet up scares.&nbsp; When&nbsp;her recurring nightmares become untenable, a young woman submits to a university sleep study,&nbsp;only to realize those running it may have sinister intentions.&nbsp;Tomris Laffy&nbsp;for&nbsp;RogerEbert.com&nbsp;writes&nbsp;lead actress&nbsp;Julia Sarah Stone&nbsp;“is completely game for the wild ride, putting forth a sturdy yet manic presence with startling authority, even when the brooding aura that surrounds her begs for adequate substance.”In select theaters and available&nbsp;on VOD&nbsp;now.Our Mothers (Nuestras Madres) (2019) 71%Attempting to provide a human perspective on the recent military coups in Central and South America, Our Mothers chronicles the Guatemalan military trials&nbsp;that gripped the nation in 2018 through the eyes of the women who lived through it. “An appealingly dignified, humane story of the repercussions of the little-known civil war in Guatemala in the 1980s as borne by the country’s women,” writes Fionnuala&nbsp;Halligan of Screen International.Streaming now on HBO Max.Kid 90 (2021) 76%Soleil Moon Frye&nbsp;was a child star in the late ’80s and early ’90s, and during that time she chronicled her life with a video camera she carried everywhere she went. Revisiting these hours of footage that were locked away for 20 years, she has crafted an interesting doc that offers an incredible&nbsp;peek inside the private&nbsp;lives of child stars and that era’s “Young Hollywood” before the rise of social media. “More than entertainment for viewers,&nbsp;Kid 90&nbsp;proves a cathartic reckoning for Frye and anyone watching who has gone through the same trials and tribulations on any scale,”&nbsp;writes Jared Mobarak for&nbsp;The Film Stage.Streaming now&nbsp;on Hulu.Along with… 92% Another Round (Druk) (2020) , starring Mads Mikkelsen in Thomas Vinterberg’s dramatic comedy about four teachers who decide to drink at work. 92% Baby, Done (2021) , a comedy about a couple who go on a baby bucket list after finding out they’re pregnant.&nbsp; 97% Billie (2020) , a documentary biopic on famed jazz singer Billie Holiday. 89% Black Bear (2020) , about a writer struggling to find story who heads to a remote cabin to meet married friends and make potentially inspirational mischief between the couple. 90% The Climb (2020) , a comedy about a pair of best friends whose relationship is tested when one of them gets involved with a woman. 91% The Dark and the Wicked (2020) , a horror film about a pair of siblings who discover something sinister when they return to their childhood home to care for their dying father. 89% Dear Santa (2020) , a documentary about the long tradition of the United States Postal Service’s Dear Santa program. 79% I Am Greta (2020) , a powerful documentary on climate activist Greta Thunberg. 68% Kindred (2020) , a thriller about a young pregnant woman who suspects the family&nbsp;caring for her has&nbsp;nefarious intentions for her unborn child.&nbsp; 70% Land (2021) , a drama about a woman&nbsp;in search of her&nbsp;true self as she treks across the American Midwest. 91% Little Fish (2021) , a sci-fi romance centering on a new memory disease that wrecks the idyllic love story of a young couple. 77% The Map of Tiny Perfect Things (2021) , a time loop comedy about two people stuck in the same day. 99% MLK/FBI (2021) , a documentary about the U.S. government’s attempts to surveil and discredit Martin Luther King, Jr.&nbsp; 98% One Night in Miami (2020) , Regina King’s directorial debut about a fictionalized evening spent together in a hotel room by Cassius Clay, Sam Cooke, Malcolm X, and Jim Brown.&nbsp; 75% Pieces of a Woman (2020) , a drama about a woman trying to put her life back together after a tragedy. 90% Promising Young Woman (2020) ,&nbsp;starring Carey Mulligan in a darkly comic drama about a med school dropout who spends her evenings bringing a form of justice to would-be sexual predators. 96% The Reason I Jump (2021) , a documentary following five young people diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder.Thumbnail image by&nbsp;©IFC MidnightOn an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"First, books, YA, Countdown, book, Box, Broadway, Critics, television","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"indie-fresh-list-come-true-our-mothers-and-kid-90"},{"id":"47509235705667","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Plans For Venom, Marvin The Martian, X-Files, And More","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Plans For Venom, Marvin The Martian, X-Files, And MorePlus: Guillermo del Toro's next move, and Prince of Persia's grand plans.by Greg Dean Schmitz | August 1, 2008 |  CommentsIn this week’s Weekly Ketchup, we’ve got the latest spin-offs, remakes and trilogies, and Disney’s lofty plan for a video game adaptation.#1 SONY HAS VENOM-OUS PLANSFollowing up on rumors from a few months back, Sony has announced that they are developing a Venom movie, spinning off from the villain’s appearance in last year’s Spider-Man 3. The project started with a script by Jacob Estes (Mean Creek) but the studio is now looking to go in a different direction, and is currently looking for a new screenwriter. They’re also looking for a new star, reportedly on the belief that Topher Grace is not a big enough star to carry Venom by himself. As for what is motivating Sony to pursue Venom, I’ve got to think that they are looking at the Joker in The Dark Knight, and thinking that in Venom, they have a charismatic villain (with a huge, grisly smile) that could be spun in a similar direction. Except he’s a huge black goo monster. For more insight, check out the CHUD piece on this story, which I thought was particularly inspired.#2 MARVIN THE MARTIAN TO BLOW UP YOUR THEATRE. IT OBSTRUCTS HIS VIEW OF CASH.Warner Bros. has aligned with Alcon Pictures (My Dog Skip, Racing Stripes) to produce a live action / CGI feature film version of Marvin the Martian, the strange little alien with the roman-style helmet that was always trying to blow up Earth in classic Looney Tunes cartoons. There’s no script, or a director, but the pitch concept is that it will be a Christmas movie in which Marvin’s plans to destroy Earth are disrupted when he becomes trapped in a gift box. I can’t quite picture what that last part means, exactly, but I can see why WB would be looking to their Looney Tunes characters for future feature films, as there’s some great untapped quality there. Or it could be another Space Jam.#3 THE X-FILES 3: I WANT TO MAKE MORE MOVIESTalking to IGN, X-Files creator Chris Carter talked about where the series would go if they have the chance to make a third movie, this time focusing more on the alien plot. The X-Files: I Want to Believe opened to only $10 million, and was considered a critical failure as well (32% on the Tomatometer), but Carter downplays the importance of box office, it seems, arguing that they weren’t aiming for a blockbuster release, or they wouldn’t have been put in theaters so soon after The Dark Knight. I have a feeling there might indeed be more X-Files movies in the future, but they might not be getting theatrical releases, but that might be a good thing. I’m not sure The X-Files ultimately needs to, or even works, as a huge theatrical experience.#4 GUILLERMO DEL TORO NOT AFRAID OF THE DARKGuillermo del Toro (in his producer role) and Miramax are teaming up to develop a feature film version of the early 1970s TV horror movie, Don’t Be Afraid of the Dark, which was about a family moving into a new house that is haunted by strange little furry demon things that live in the basement. This is actually a pretty awesome movie for del Toro to have under his wing, because it fits in very nicely with his theme of a world where magical creatures coexist in the shadows (Pan’s Labyrinth, Hellboy II: The Golden Army). Another horror movie announced this week that seems to have a somewhat similar premise is The Home, which marks the entry into the actual movie business of two of the writers for AICN (Quint, writing and Kraken, directing), with Peter Jackson‘s WETA doing the special effects. The Home is about a firefighter who is nearly killed in a fire, and is recuperating in a nursing home, where he discovers that the residents are being terrorized by something evil that resides in the home. This actually sounds a lot like Bubba Ho-Tep too.#5 ISAAC ASIMOV’S FOUNDATION: A NEW TRILOGY FOR LOTR PRODUCERSNew Line Cinema founders Bob Shaye and Michael Lynne have a new company, Unique Features, which has a deal with Warner Bros, and one of their first projects is going to be an attempt to do for Isaac Asimov‘s super brainy science fiction epic, The Foundation Trilogy, what they did (or helped do) for J.R.R. Tolkien‘s The Lord of the Rings, starting with a movie version of the first book, The Foundation, and from there, if it is a hit, adapt the other two books for a full trilogy. The project has been in movie development for decades, mostly at Fox, where Asimov’s I, Robot was produced, but they put it into turnaround a while ago (probably deciding to get out of the Asimov business after I, Robot). The Foundation is a challenging project, as it starts off with a mathematician who develops a way of predicting events on a massive scale, and uses his knowledge of impending galactic chaos to create two “Foundations” on opposite ends of the galaxy, where all the good things of culture can be preserved. As science fiction, it’s top notch. As popcorn munching eye candy… who knows. This is definitely, I think, a movie that you could tie to the success or failure of Watchmen, as that’s another movie that is similarly daring in its intellectualism (or it should be, at least).#6 THIS WEEK IN ANCIENT MOVIESDirector John Boorman (Excalibur) has announced plans to revive his long planned movie about Hadrian, one of Rome’s “Good” emperors, who is famous for having spent time in England in the 2nd century AD, which included the construction of Hadrian’s Wall, separating England from Scotland. Possibly to be titled The Memoirs of Hadrian (after the novel that it is based upon), the project has a fairly decent budget of $50-60 million, and is scheduled to start filming in Morocco, Rome and Spain in early 2009. Boorman hasn’t had a success in recent years to match his early films like Deliverance and Hope and Glory, but I’ve always thought that this project seemed like one that might do it for him again. That’s it for the Romans this week, but the Greeks got some love as well. Sony has picked up a pitch for a movie about Anabasis, a historical work by the ancient Greek writer, Xenophon, about the journey home of a force of 10,000 Greek soldiers who were sent to assassinate the Persian emperor, failed, and then had to fight their way home across thousands of miles of enemy territory. Curiously, this was supposedly the inspiration for the plot of The Warriors. Although it sounds sort of 300-ish, I could see how this could be a pretty cool premise for a movie. And hey, it’s not a remake.#7 JOHNNY DEPP AND TIM BURTON MAKING A MOVIE TOGETHER? NO WAY!Surprising absolutely no one if it is true, AICN is reporting a rumor that Johnny Depp has signed to play the Mad Hatter in director Tim Burton‘s new Alice in Wonderland movie, which will start filming in 2009 for a release on March 5th, 2010. It is true that Burton has been doing casting for the movie recently (Mia Wasikowska was cast as Alice), and obviously, Depp and Burton work together a lot (this would be their 7th film together, and Depp is also reportedly likely to play Barnabas the vampire in Tim Burton’s movie version of Dark Shadows). It would be cool to see Johnny Depp apply his madness to the hatter, but I’m sure the challenge, each time he takes on a bizarre creature like the hatter, is that he has to find a way to do it so that this isn’t a repeat channeling of Willy Wonka, or Jack Sparrow, Ed Wood, etc.#8 THIS WEEK IN 1970S ROCK AND ROLL MOVIESProduction is scheduled to start this fall on an independently produced musical biopic about The Runaways, the 1970s all-girl rock group that gave the world Joan Jett, who is executive producing. Also lurching closer to production is Howard Stern‘s remake of Rock n Roll High School, which co-starred the Ramones, and is now being written by Alex Winter, AKA Bill from the Bill &amp; Ted movies. The remake was announced several years ago, at the same time as Stern’s plans to remake Porky’s, but this is really the first news about either project since then.#9 NICOLAS CAGE TO BE SCARED STRAIGHTFamed horror/thriller director John Carpenter is scheduled to start filming in October of Scared Straight, about a teenager who is at a prison as part of the “Scared Straight” program, when a riot breaks out, and it is up to a convict played by Nicolas Cage to protect him. Carpenter hasn’t had a movie in theaters since 2001’s Ghosts of Mars, but there was a time in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s when he was not only prolific, but revered as one of the best damn horror directors ever. Halloween, The Thing, Prince of Darkness, Assault on Precinct 13, The Fog, Big Trouble in Little China, They Live, Escape from New York… all classics. I’m not alone, I’m sure, in wishing Carpenter was as prolific today, but I guess the movie budget money just isn’t there for him anymore, or something.#10 PRINCE OF PERSIA TO INHERIT THE BIGGEST WEEKEND OF 2010?With filming already underway, Disney has decided to add another year to the wait to see the video game adaptation, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, starring Jake Gyllenhaal. Disney moved the movie from June 19th, 2009 where it would have gone up against the second Transformers movie, all the way to May 28th, 2010, boldly claiming the Memorial Day weekend, often the date where the biggest movie of the summer is released. Right now, only two other movies have claimed May, 2010 dates: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (5/7/10, also a Disney release) and Shrek Goes Fourth (5/21/10). So, the question is whether Disney is so impressed by the visuals that Mike Newell (Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire) and crew are coming up with, that they think it can hold onto that date and rake in tons of cash?You can contact Greg Dean Schmitz via a message at the RT Forums, the thread there devoted to him, or his MySpace page.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Pixar, science, book, 78th, Pictures, 24, of, series, Ghostbusters, TCM, Emmy, Awards, Comedy, action","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Plans-For-Venom-Marvin-The-Martian-XFiles-And-More"},{"id":"47613487426130","title":"RT Interview: David Yates on Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT Interview: David Yates on Harry Potter and the Half-Blood PrinceThe director on Harry's sixth year.by Joe Utichi | July 15, 2009 |  CommentsWhen David Yates was hired to direct Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, fans took one look at his TV-heavy resume and panicked that he wouldn’t be able to bring the same scale to the franchise that previous directors Mike Newell (Four Weddings and a Funeral), Alfonso Cuaron (A Little Princess) and Chris Columbus (Home Alone) had managed with aplomb.If the resulting feature didn’t settle those minds — and it largely did — then Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince most certainly will. Yates is only the second director to return to Potter, and while Chris Columbus struggled to find a unique voice to bring to his second Potter, Chamber of Secrets, Yates doesn’t seem to have had any such problem with Half-Blood Prince. On its day of release the film is one of the best reviewed of the year, and certainly the best-reviewed Potter film. RT sat down with David Yates on set to learn more.[tomatometer]MuzeID=1189302[/tomatometer]I can’t imagine how intimidating it is to take the reins of a Harry Potter film, but you’ve done it once and it was an incredible success. How does it feel coming into your second Potter film?David Yates: It’s great fun, actually, and I enjoyed it so much last time which is why I came back. We had some guests on set about two weeks ago and the first thing they said after they’d had a tour around the studio was that they couldn’t believe that it was a film set and everyone seemed to be smiling all the time. There’s a really positive atmosphere here, so it’s a great working environment; everyone feels very committed to their particular craft and what they’re doing. There’s a terrific vibe and while you’re creating, and working and trying to deliver story, that atmosphere really helps.I’m having probably even more fun on this one than I had on the last one. The last one was quite intense because of the scale of it; these are big films to make, and they just inevitably require you to multitask a bit, and I think I’ve gotten used to that multitasking approach to directing. Which is now, for me, quite an adrenaline rush; I think I really enjoy having two or three sets going at any one time.I’ve got a terrific second unit director called Stephen Woolfenden who I worked with on Order of the Phoenix and we have a very close working relationship. We’re like twins, really. Traditionally second unit directors go off and do their own thing, but Stephen and I work really closely together and that’s terrific.I’ve also brought a new D.O.P. called Bruno Delbonnel who shot Amelie and A Very Long Engagement. He’s French and he’s got a really good sense of humour. So we’re having a good time so far!What does he bring to the film?DY: It’ll be warmer than the last film. Order of the Phoenix was dealing with teenage angst and it was dealing with that period in life where you start to rebel a wee bit and you’re struggling against authority and all of that, while this film is much warmer and much more romantic. It’ll have a much richer and more romantic feel to it than Order of the Phoenix which was a bit darker and bit more intense.Is it fair to say there’s more character as well?DY: There is. The sixth book essentially deals with the politics of romance. We’re tuning into the spirit of all of that and because the characters are all getting a little bit older and the actors are all getting a little bit older, there are more nuances, I think, in the relationships. There’s a lot more character development in this one.With Daniel Radcliffe and Bonnie Wright.You’ve added a couple of scenes to the film that aren’t in the book.DY: Yes. In the sixth book Jo talks about the Death Eaters attacking, kidnapping and striking terror into communities and she plays that idea backstage in the book. You read about it but you don’t experience it. We wanted to bring that experience to the fore for the audience so they kind-of felt what it was like and they could actually see what the Death Eaters were doing. We’ve introduced two moments in the film where we see the Death Eaters do what Jo actually described them doing, but off the page as it were.In the book Jo describes the collapse of a Muggle bridge. We never see it but she relays it. I just thought it’d be really cool to see that, again just to make the audience feel what the Death Eaters are doing to the Muggle world. It’s such a cool thing to experience and it’s quite frightening. So again we just took it straight from the book, the notion of it, and we’ve just put it into our story at the beginning. None of our principal characters will be involved.The other scene is at the beginning at the railway station; traditionally these films have always opened at the Dursleys’ and there’s a pattern, the audience is used to that. Steve came up with this notion of breaking it. You sit down, you see the WB sign, you hear the tinkly-tinkly stuff and then, oh, it’s the Dursleys. It’s that comic Dursley bit at the beginning and then we’ll get on with the story. Steve came up with this notion that after Order of the Phoenix Harry’s in this quite intense, dark place and he’s riding the trains to free his brain a wee bit and he meets this really attractive waitress who he really likes. You immediately set up the notion that suddenly these characters are a bit more sexualised if you like, they’re aware of the opposite sex. Their hormones are kicking off and I thought it was a really charming, lovely idea.But the scene in which the new Minister of Magic visits the Muggle Prime Minister didn’t make the cut?DY: Scrimgeour isn’t in this particular film, no. We struggled to keep him in. It’s great scene in the book where he goes to see the Prime Minister. We loved that and it was in and it was out and it was in and it was out again.We have brought Quidditch back, because I love Quidditch. I wanted to get Quidditch in the last film but we were so overstuffed with things that it was really hard. There’s a moment where you’re making a film where you want to go, “We want to do this, this, this and this,” and fiscal reality and schedule reality kicks in and so we were determined to get Quidditch back this time. And it’s a really fun Quidditch sequence. Kind-of comedy Quidditch!From what I understand Dan isn’t as thrilled as you are about the return of Quidditch!DY: [laughs] Dan’s not particularly pleased with Quidditch [being back] because he has to sit on this broom for five hours a day! If you’ve ever sat on one of these brooms, and I’ve never, it just looks incredibly uncomfortable. They’re not the most seat-friendly contraptions.Continue on to page 2 as Yates talks about character development, franchise energy and how to bring things to an end.[tomatometer]MuzeID=1189302[/tomatometer]Are there any characters you’ve particularly enjoyed developing in this film?DY: All of them in a sense. Hermione is suddenly discovering that her feelings for Ron are developing rapidly and she can’t quite express them coherently and she struggles with those feelings because Ron isn’t the most ideal partner in many ways. He’s not particularly bright! But she just has a real soft-spot for him. It’s a wonderful place to put that character to realise that she’s growing up and she’s becoming much more sexually aware. Because she’s so cerebral, expressing that emotional side is a real struggle. There’s a real tension in that character that we’re developing which I think is really tender and funny and true.Ron as a character is really developing enormously. He becomes the Quidditch goalkeeper and he’s sort-of slightly arrogant, there’s a sort-of middle-aged quality that develops in the character which is incredibly frustrating and irritating but very charming at the same time. He, too, is suddenly realising that he has this deep-seated attraction to Hermione and he’s a little slower at recognising it than Hermione is.With Dan, what’s interesting about his development with Harry is that you’re seeing someone who’s learning to play by grown-up’s rules. He’s learning to manipulate and manoeuvre and flatter and do things which, in a way, you could argue are quite cynical. He’s been charged by Dumbledore to get information from Slughorn and he’s employing all these quite interesting tactics which we’ve never seen him do before. In a way he’s not been an innocent but he hasn’t quite operated at this level before. Harry does a few things in this story, and Dan’s doing a few things, which show you a very strategic side of this character that we’ve never seen before, which is quite interesting.There’s a good line in the book and in the film which is that, “if the monster was there it was hidden deep within,” and this notion that Harry’s learning these skills and developing these abilities at an interpersonal level, a human level, the way you deal with people which could be used for good or bad, it’s interesting to see that in Harry who’s always just been Harry.How has your knowledge of what happens in Deathly Hallows affected or enriched your approach to Half-Blood Prince?DY: There are a few connections that we’ve got. I think Deathly Hallows is such a stonking book, actually, it’s incredibly great fun. The big thing is Dumbledore’s wand and we’ve kind-of altered our story really to make sure we don’t tread on the toes of what comes in Deathly Hallows. The whole Hermione and Ron relationship, we had a kiss planned for this movie which we’ve sort of saved because we think it’s better to maintain that sexual tension. There are a lot of things we’ve given a nod to so we make sure we don’t tread on the toes of Deathly Hallows.On the Great Hall set.One of your predecessors, Alfonso Cuaron, mentioned that his period on the films was enriched by a sense that there was a beneficial energy surrounding the universe of Harry Potter – have you felt that?DY: Very much. I think it starts with Jo Rowling on the book side because for someone who is so successful and so famous she’s actually incredibly down to earth and self-effacing. She’s just a normal human being. And David Heyman who started this whole thing by optioning the books, he’s got a great spirit and he’s just a lovely man with very positive values. For a Hollywood picture you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone here at the studio at the upper levels who doesn’t want to bring anything but a good vibe to work. There is a very positive atmosphere around which I’ve encouraged since I started because it’s always been my experience making any film that you get so much more out of people by empowering and inspiring rather than shouting or cajoling so I encourage all of that and I think it’s a wonderful thing.I like happy sets. Happy sets are good, and I think people feel comfortable on them. When fear arrives in any context it’s just boring and it closes people down. If people feel inadequate or if they feel bullied… It might work for some people but I think, as a rule, it just takes any joy out of the creative process. We have a very happy, positive set and people feel they can take risks and try things. It’s a much nicer place to come to work as a result.And it seems to show in the films. The general rule from Hollywood has been that big-budget blockbusters are cold, unfeeling, impersonal things, but there’s a lot of heart and personality to the Potter films.DY: I hope so. Even though we’ve got this big machine I think that ultimately what I’m interested in, and I think what the audience are interested in, is the delicacy. You get all the bells and whistles, that’s a given, but it’s the little, nuanced character moments. I love these characters. We’re filming a scene today with Emma and Rupert and the nuance of that relationship is this kind-of stopping and starting, stopping and starting thing. It’s the delicacy of that relationship that you’re interested in and you want the personal stuff. I think it’s more valuable than the biggest CGI set piece ever.J.K. Rowling has been quoted as saying that she felt this was the first half of a two-part ending, six and seven. How do you make sure it’s its own project and film even though it has this big cliff-hanger ending?DY: It’s really tricky and we’ve struggled with it a lot. I think ultimately it will feel like part of a bigger journey. I think that’s inevitable. I think audiences are invested in the series now, so rather than fight it I think my job is to make sure that it’s as tremendous a ride as possible but that the audience’s commitment to this journey will continue beyond this and that you feel that there are things that aren’t quite resolved. That’s an acceptable experience for the audience now, they can acknowledge and accept and embrace that notion that we’re part way through. We’re still trying to make the journey as complete as possible in many ways but I like the idea that this is an involving story and I like the idea that you can sit in a movie theatre for two and a half hours and still come out and go, “Wow, I want to go back and see what comes next.”I think it will be satisfying and fulfilling. I feel confident that it will be an enjoyable two-and-a-half hours. But I think there’s more to come and I think rather than fight that it’s better to embrace it and I think audiences have done over the course of the movies to date.Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is out now.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"america, we, Network, of, Dead","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-interview-david-yates-on-harry-potter-and-the-halfblood-prince"},{"id":"47508874228253","title":"New on Netflix in September 2019: New Movies, TV Shows, Netflix Original Series","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"Oscars, Amazon, dark","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/27140748/new-on-netflix-sept-2019-2_600X314.jpg","slug":"new-on-netflix-in-september-2019"},{"id":"47614287984589","title":"Video: Mike Tyson Says Mysteries Will Make You a Believer","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Mike Tyson Says Mysteries Will Make You a Believerby Grae Drake | October 28, 2014 |  CommentsMike Tyson and Jim Rash of Mike Tyson Mysteries explain the surprising effect of watching their new series to Senior Editor Grae Drake.Season one of Mike Tyson Mysteries airs Mondays at 10:30 pm on Adult Swim.Check out the latest TV reviews, news, interviews, and photos.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"2018, comedies, Best, stop, LGBT","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"video-mike-tyson-says-mysteries-will-make-you-a-believer"},{"id":"47508739475751","title":"John Wick: Chapter 3 is Certified Fresh","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})John Wick: Chapter 3 is Certified FreshPlus, A Dog's Journey completes its mission and The Sun is Also a Star could shine brighter.by Whitney Friedlander | May 16, 2019 |  CommentsThe third chapter in the story about a character who avenges his dog (Keanu Reeves stars in John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum), a new film about a pup’s adventure (Josh Gad voices the titular pooch in A Dog’s Journey) and a teen drama based on a dog-eared best-seller (Yara Shahidi and Charles Melton play young lovers in The Sun is Also a Star), make up the movies heading into wide release this weekend. Which one gets the critics’ top pick?John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum (2019)  89%Keanu Reeves returns to the slick action-adventure franchise as the titular ace assassin who now has a $14 million bounty on his head after he killed a member of the international assassin’s guild, the High Table. Chad Stahelski, who directed the first films (David Leitch co-directed with him on the original), returns with original John Wick writer Derek Kolstad, among others, penning this script. Laurence Fishburne also returns as the crime boss and ornithophile, The Bowery King. This film is tracking slightly better than the prior two from the franchise, which, respectively, have 87% and 89% Tomatometer scores.A Dog's Journey (2019)  50%Director Gail Mancuso, an accomplished television director whose recent credits include family-friendly series like Modern Family and Black-ish, has gone not just for sweet, but the saccharin with her first feature film. Josh Gad voices a dying dog named Bailey who promises his “boy” Ethan (Dennis Quaid) that he’ll keep tabs on Ethan’s granddaughter as his soul prepares to enter the body of a new dog. Whether critics see this gimmick as manipulative or moving, the film will probably still find a box office showing with families looking for an afternoon activity – and so far reviews say it’s a hard tearjearker to resist.The Sun Is Also a Star (2019)  52%Tracy Oliver, who has made a name for herself for writing or co-writing female-positive films like Girls Trip and Little, is trying her hand at the teen romance genre with this adaptation of Nicola Yoon’s novel, The Sun is Also a Star. Yara Shahidi – whose Black-ish co-star, Marsai Martin, coincidentally, starred in Little –&nbsp;plays a Jamaica-born quantum physics student named Natasha who falls for Charles Melton’s sweet exchange student, Daniel. The young lovers soon face real-life consequences when Natasha’s family faces deportation. Despite the topicality of Sun, and the winning performances of its talented leads, most reviews say the film flames out as it stretches believability.Also Opening This Week In Limited Release Walking on Water (2019) : Bulgarian director Andrey Paounov’s documentary about environmental artist Christo’s attempts to complete his first major project after the death of his wife — and long-time collaborator — Jeanne-Claude: “The Floating Piers,” a floating yellow walkway on Italy’s Lake Iseo. It’s Certified Fresh with a score of 100% on the Tomatometer. The Souvenir (2019) : Writer-director Joanna Hogg’s #MeToo-relevant story about a film student who finds her voice as an artist while embarking on an emotionally fraught relationship with an older man is 93% Fresh. All Creatures Here Below (2019) : David Dastmalchian and Karen Gillan star as impoverished Angelenos whose criminal act sends them on the lam. It’s at 86% on the Tomatometer. We Have Always Lived in the Castle (2019) : Taissa Farmiga stars as a young woman who is one of her few family members to survive an arsenic poisoning. She’s making do – until her controlling cousin Charlie (Sebastian Stan) arrives. Based on the Shirley Jackson novel, this film is 86% Fresh on the Tomatometer. Photograph (2019) : The Lunchbox’s Ritesh Batra directs this romance about a shy street photographer in Mumbai who asks a woman to pose as his fiancée in an effort to appease his grandmother. Amaurosis (The Unseen) (2019) : In the Hands of the Gods’ Gary Sinyor writes and directs this mystery drama about a couple grieving the loss of their son. Trial by Fire (2019) : Jack O’Connell and Laura Dern star in director Edward Zwick’s adaptation of the true story of a death row inmate and the woman who fought to get him free. ANIARA (2019) : This sci-fi fantasy film about humans who don’t cope well when they leave Earth for a resettlement on Mars falls mostly flat with a 47% Tomatometer score. Perfect (2019) : Steven Soderbergh executive produces this film about a troubled man who gets reprogrammed to help with his dark thoughts. Things don’t go as planned for the characters or for the film itself, which is at 29% currently. The Professor (2019) : Johnny Depp plays a college professor who lets loose when he finds out he has six months to live in this dark comedy. Critics give the film a failing grade of 0%.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"media, CNN, Star, nfl, History, universal, crime, Superheroe, movie, Horror, venice","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/19174911/JohnWick3CC.jpg","slug":"john-wick-3-is-certified-fresh"},{"id":"47614778691745","title":"Caruso to Helm Spielberg’s \"Disturbia\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Caruso to Helm Spielberg's \"Disturbia\"by Scott Weinberg | January 27, 2006 |  CommentsAccording to Variety, director D.J. Caruso (\"Two for the Money,\" \"The Salton Sea\") will direct a high school thriller called \"Disturbia\" for executive producer Steven Spielberg.\"DreamWorks and Paramount have set one of their first projects since the companies got hitched.D.J. Caruso will direct \"Disturbia,\" a thriller expected to begin production by April. Steven Spielberg will exec produce.Scripted by Christopher Landon, \"Disturbia\" was bought as a spec last fall by DreamWorks and Montecito Pictures partners Tom Pollock and Ivan Reitman.Script revolves around a troubled high school senior, still grieving over his father’s death, who is sentenced to house arrest after an outburst of anger at school.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"spy, Comic-Con, TV, wars, witnail, service, black, story, movies, crime, best, Winter, Marvel, Sundance","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"caruso-to-helm-spielbergs-disturbia"},{"id":"47508705162234","title":"100 Sexiest Movies Of All Time","content":"(Photo by Fox Searchlight/courtesy Everett Collection)The 100 Sexiest Movies&nbsp;Of All TimeWhat makes a movie truly sexy, enough to to grant it entrance to our guide of the sexiest movies ever? Variety is the spice: For some movies, it’s about the animal chemistry between its stars (Body Heat, Mr. and Mrs. Smith) or the building passion of its characters (Brokeback Mountain, Titanic). With others, the turn-on is the illicit thrill of being bad (Unfaithful, Secretary) or the purity of self-awakening and discovery (Gloria, Moonlight). Sometimes it’s about the mood a movie evokes, intoxicating and overwhelming, like with In the Mood For Love or Y Tu Mama Tambien. And, yeah, sometimes it’s all about the sex scenes: Mulholland Drive, Lust, Caution, In the Realm of the Senses have got your number.Whatever your definition (and if you need even more, see the 200 best and worst erotic movies), it all awaits in the 100 sexiest movies ever, ranked by Tomatometer.#100Original Sin (2001) 12%#100Adjusted Score: 14.51% Critics Consensus: Laughably melodramatic, Original Sin features bad acting, bad dialogue, and bad plotting.Synopsis: A noir mystery set in the exotic world of Cuba in the late 1800s. Luis Antonio Vargas, a wealthy coffee... [More]Starring: Antonio Banderas, Angelina Jolie, Thomas Jane, Jack ThompsonDirected By: Michael Cristofer#99After (2019) 18%#99Adjusted Score: 18.748% Critics Consensus: Tepid and tired, After's fun flourishes are let down by its generic story.Synopsis: Based on Anna Todd's best-selling novel which became a publishing sensation on social storytelling platform Wattpad, AFTER follows Tessa (Langford),... [More]Starring: Josephine Langford, Hero Fiennes Tiffin, Selma Blair, Jennifer BealsDirected By: Jenny Gage#98Elles (2012) 23%#98Adjusted Score: 24.594% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: A provocative exploration of female sexuality, Elles stars the fearless Juliette Binoche as Anne, a well-off Parisian journalist investigating the... [More]Starring: Juliette Binoche, Anaïs Demoustier, Joanna Kulig, Louis-Do de LencquesaingDirected By: Malgorzata Szumowska#979 Songs (2005) 24%#97Adjusted Score: 26.745% Critics Consensus: The unerotic sex scenes quickly become tedious to watch, and the lovers lack the personality necessary to make viewers care about them.Synopsis: Matt, a young glaciologist, soars across the vast, silent, icebound immensities of the South Pole as he recalls his love... [More]Starring: Kieran O'Brien, Margo Stilley, Huw Bunford, Cian CiaranDirected By: Michael Winterbottom#96Fifty Shades of Grey (2015) 25%#96Adjusted Score: 35.857% Critics Consensus: While creatively better endowed than its print counterpart, Fifty Shades of Grey is a less than satisfying experience on the screen.Synopsis: E.L. James' kinky best-seller gets the big screen treatment with this Universal Pictures/Focus Features co-production. The steamy tale details a... [More]Starring: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson , Jennifer Ehle, Luke GrimesDirected By: Sam Taylor-Johnson#95The Lover (L'amant) (1992) 32%#95Adjusted Score: 32.9% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: The Lover is director Jean-Jacques Annaud's adaptation of Marguerite Duras' minimalist 1984 novel. Set in French Indochina in 1929, the... [More]Starring: Jane March, Tony Leung Ka Fai, Frédérique Méninger, Arnaud GiovaninettiDirected By: Jean-Jacques Annaud#94In the Cut (2003) 33%#94Adjusted Score: 37.853% Critics Consensus: Director/co-writer Jane Campion takes a stab at subverting the psycho-sexual thriller genre with In the Cut, but gets tangled in her own abstraction.Synopsis: Following the brutal murder of a young woman in her neighborhood, a self-determined NYU professor dares to test the limits... [More]Starring: Meg Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Kevin BaconDirected By: Jane Campion#93Adore (2013) 33%#93Adjusted Score: 35.239% Critics Consensus: Naomi Watts and Robin Wright give it their all, but they can't quite make Adore's trashy, absurd plot believable.Synopsis: Set in an Australian seaside town of otherworldly beauty and shot in lush 35mm Cinemascope, ADORE establishes an aura of... [More]Starring: Naomi Watts, Robin Wright, Xavier Samuel, James FrechevilleDirected By: Anne Fontaine#9240 Days and 40 Nights (2002) 39%#92Adjusted Score: 42.586% Critics Consensus: As romantic comedies go, 40 Days and 40 Nights is smutty, sexist, and puerile.Synopsis: Following memorable roles in the military action-adventures Pearl Harbor (2001) and Black Hawk Down (2001), young actor Josh Hartnett is... [More]Starring: Josh Hartnett, Shannyn Sossamon, Paulo Costanzo, Adam TreseDirected By: Michael Lehmann#91Emmanuelle (1974) 40%#91Adjusted Score: 40.847% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: This film is the first of the French softcore-porn series about a young woman's awakening to new sexual dimensions. Emmanuelle... [More]Starring: Sylvia Kristel, Alain Cuny, Daniel Sarki, Daniel SarkyDirected By: Just Jaeckin#90Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love (1996) 40%#90Adjusted Score: 40.345% Critics Consensus: Kama Sutra refreshingly approaches sensuality from a female perspective, but audiences will be turned off by this romance's silly plotting.Synopsis: Melodramatic and steamy as an East Indian jungle, this erotic historical drama tells the lurid tale of betrayal and sexual... [More]Starring: Indira Varma, Sarita Choudhury, Ramon Tikaram, Naveen AndrewsDirected By: Mira Nair#89Love (2015) 40%#89Adjusted Score: 42.924% Critics Consensus: Love sees writer-director Gaspar Noé delivering some of his warmest and most personal work; unfortunately, it's also among his most undeveloped and least compelling.Synopsis: Enter the Void director Gaspar Noe helms this 3D envelope-pushing, non-linear narrative examining modern love and sexual desires.... [More]Starring: Karl Glusman, Aomi Muyock, Klara Kristin, Juan SaavedraDirected By: Gaspar Noé#88Elisa &amp; Marcela (2019) 43%#88Adjusted Score: 27.687% Critics Consensus: While it may be visually attractive, Elisa &amp; Marcela is an underwhelming melodrama that lacks passion and energy.Synopsis: 1885. Elisa and Marcela meet at the school where they both work. What begins as a close friendship ends in... [More]Starring: Natalia de Molina, Greta Fernández, Sara Casasnovas, Tamar NovasDirected By: Isabel Coixet#8728 Hotel Rooms (2012) 47%#87Adjusted Score: 29.494% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Unfolding as a collage of moments-some sexy, some innocent, some profound, some silly-28 HOTEL ROOMS is an intimate portrait of... [More]Starring: Marin Ireland, Chris MessinaDirected By: Matt Ross#86Summer Storm (Sommersturm) (2006) 48%#86Adjusted Score: 48.289% Critics Consensus: Strong performances and an inclusive approach to sexual awakening aren't enough to make Summer Storm a truly memorable coming-of-age story.Synopsis: Tobi and Achim have been best friends for years. As cox and oarsman, they have helped their team win several... [More]Starring: Robert Stadlober, Kostja Ullmann, Alicja Bachleda-Curus, Tristano CasanovaDirected By: Marco Kreupainter, Marco Kreuzpaintner#85Cashback (2007) 48%#85Adjusted Score: 49.072% Critics Consensus: An unlikable protagonist, messy editing, and gratuitous nudity might make audiences ask for their cash back.Synopsis: When art student Ben Willis is dumped by his girlfriend Suzy, he develops insomnia. To pass the long hours of... [More]Starring: Sean Biggerstaff, Emilia Fox, Shaun Evans, Michelle RyanDirected By: Sean Ellis (II)#84Sleeping Beauty (2011) 48%#84Adjusted Score: 50.475% Critics Consensus: Sleeping Beauty's provocative premise and luminous art design is hampered by a clinical, remote presentation, delivering boredom and shock in equal measure.Synopsis: Lucy (Emily Browning) is a young university student possessed by a kind of radical passivity. She lets a flip of... [More]Starring: Emily Browning, Rachael Blake, Ewen Leslie, Peter CarrollDirected By: Julia Leigh#83How Stella Got Her Groove Back (1998) 50%#83Adjusted Score: 52.208% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Terry McMillan and Ron Bass wrote this screenplay based on McMillan's semi-autobiographical best-selling novel (over 2,000,000 copies in print before... [More]Starring: Angela Bassett, Whoopi Goldberg, Taye Diggs, Suzzanne DouglasDirected By: Kevin Rodney Sullivan#82Unfaithful (2002) 50%#82Adjusted Score: 54.523% Critics Consensus: Diane Lane shines in the role, but the movie adds nothing new to the genre and the resolution is unsatisfying.Synopsis: Diane Lane is a wayward wife and Richard Gere is her suspicious husband in Adrian Lyne's Unfaithful. Connie (Lane) leaves... [More]Starring: Diane Lane, Richard Gere, Olivier Martinez, Erik Per SullivanDirected By: Adrian Lyne#81Romance (1999) 50%#81Adjusted Score: 50.741% Critics Consensus: Romance is a slim look into a woman's sexual psyche, with sex scenes that slightly excite while exploring human emotions.Synopsis: Although deeply in love with her boyfriend - and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him - a schoolteacher... [More]Starring: Caroline Ducey, Sagamore Stévenin, Rocco Siffredi, François BerléandDirected By: Catherine Breillat#80Chloe (2010) 51%#80Adjusted Score: 55.639% Critics Consensus: Despite its promising pedigree and a titillating premise, Chloe ultimately fails to deliver the heat -- or the thrills -- expected of a sexual thriller.Synopsis: Catherine, a successful doctor, suspects her husband David, a professor of music, of cheating. She tests his fidelity by hiring... [More]Starring: Liam Neeson, Julianne Moore, Amanda Seyfried, Max ThieriotDirected By: Atom Egoyan#79Basic Instinct (1992) 54%#79Adjusted Score: 58.873% Critics Consensus: Unevenly echoing the work of Alfred Hitchcock, Basic Instinct contains a star-making performance from Sharon Stone but is ultimately undone by its problematic, overly lurid plot.Synopsis: Michael Douglas stars with red-hot Sharon Stone in this groundbreaking and controversial film that redefined the genre of the sexy... [More]Starring: Michael Douglas, Sharon Stone, George Dzundza, Dorothy MaloneDirected By: Paul Verhoeven#78Malena (2000) 54%#78Adjusted Score: 56.242% Critics Consensus: Malena ends up objectifying the character of the movie's title. Also, the young boy's emotional investment with Malena is never convincing, as she doesn't feel like a three-dimensional person.Synopsis: In 1941, Renato was 13 years old and although the world was at war, nothing ever happened in his sleepy... [More]Starring: Giuseppe Sulfaro, Monica Bellucci, Luciano Federico, Matilde PianaDirected By: Giuseppe Tornatore#77Cruel Intentions (1999) 55%#77Adjusted Score: 59.888% Critics Consensus: This darkly comic drama and its attractive young cast are easy on the eyes, but uneven performances and an uninspired script conspire to foil Cruel Intentions.Synopsis: Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillippe sizzle as a pair of unscrupulous siblings in a deliciously sexy tale of seduction,... [More]Starring: Ryan Phillippe, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Reese Witherspoon, Selma BlairDirected By: Roger Kumble#76Troy (2004) 54%#76Adjusted Score: 60.55% Critics Consensus: A brawny, entertaining spectacle, but lacking emotional resonance.Synopsis: Homer's sprawling tale of love and war in ancient Greece comes to the screen in all its grandeur in this... [More]Starring: Brad Pitt, Eric Bana, Orlando Bloom, Diane KrugerDirected By: Wolfgang Petersen#75The Hunger (1983) 55%#75Adjusted Score: 57.355% Critics Consensus: Stylish yet hollow, The Hunger is a well-cast vampire thriller that mistakes erotic moments for a satisfying story.Synopsis: The exquisitely beautiful Catherine Deneuve plays Miriam, a centuries-old vampire capable of bestowing the gift of immortality on her lovers... [More]Starring: Catherine Deneuve, David Bowie, Susan Sarandon, Cliff De YoungDirected By: Tony Scott#74The Dreamers (2004) 60%#74Adjusted Score: 64.365% Critics Consensus: Though lushly atmospheric, The Dreamers doesn't engage or provoke as much as it should.Synopsis: The tumultuous political landscape of Paris in 1968 serves as the backdrop for a tale about three young cineastes who... [More]Starring: Michael Pitt, Eva Green, Louis Garrel, Robin RenucciDirected By: Bernardo Bertolucci#73Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith (2005) 60%#73Adjusted Score: 67.301% Critics Consensus: Although this action-romance suffers from weak writing and one too many explosions, the chemistry generated by onscreen couple Pitt and Jolie is palpable enough to make this a thoroughly enjoyable summer action flick.Synopsis: John and Jane Smith are an ordinary suburban couple with an ordinary, lifeless suburban marriage. But each of them has... [More]Starring: Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Vince Vaughn, Adam BrodyDirected By: Doug Liman#729 1/2 Weeks (1986) 61%#72Adjusted Score: 62.406% Critics Consensus: 9 1/2 Weeks' famously steamy sex scenes titillate though the drama unfolding between the beddings is relatively standard for the genre.Synopsis: The title refers to the duration of the relationship between self-absorbed Wall Street shark Mickey Rourke and divorced art gallery... [More]Starring: Mickey Rourke, Kim Basinger, Margaret Whitton, David MarguliesDirected By: Adrian Lyne#71Jason's Lyric (1994) 61%#71Adjusted Score: 61.751% Critics Consensus: Jason's Lyric is a sexually charged film whose violent streak weakens or, depending on your perspective, supports the melodrama.Synopsis: Two inner-city youths find love on the hard streets of Houston. Each has personal problems to work through, and is... [More]Starring: Allen Payne, Bokeem Woodbine, Jada Pinkett Smith, Forest WhitakerDirected By: Doug McHenry#70Something New (2006) 61%#70Adjusted Score: 64.258% Critics Consensus: Something New tackles serious questions about race and interracial relationships with genuine appeal and an alluring romance that develops as naturally as the plot.Synopsis: If love is an adventure, it's one yet to be embarked upon by Kenya Denise McQueen. A beautiful L.A. career... [More]Starring: Sanaa Lathan, Simon Baker, Mike Epps, Donald FaisonDirected By: Sanaa Hamri#69Querelle (1982) 62%#69Adjusted Score: 62.339% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Querelle is a sailor on shore leave in the French port of Brest. Following an argument, in which he stabs... [More]Starring: Brad Davis, Franco Nero, Jeanne Moreau, Laurent MaletDirected By: Rainer Werner Fassbinder#68Henry &amp; June (1990) 62%#68Adjusted Score: 62.731% Critics Consensus: Henry &amp; June celebrates sensuality and passion, though the portentous filmmaking drags it down by a large degree.Synopsis: The real-life relationship between two of the most controversial literary figures of the 20th century forms the basis for this... [More]Starring: Fred Ward, Maria de Medeiros, Uma Thurman, Richard E. GrantDirected By: Philip Kaufman#67Wild Things (1998) 62%#67Adjusted Score: 64.913% Critics Consensus: Wild Things is a delightfully salacious, flesh-exposed romp that also requires a high degree of love for trash cinema.Synopsis: Think of it as endless endings. John McNaughton's playful erotic thriller about a larcenous school teacher, a pair of greedy... [More]Starring: Matt Dillon, Denise Richards, Neve Campbell, Kevin BaconDirected By: John McNaughton#66Crash (1996) 63%#66Adjusted Score: 65.969% Critics Consensus: Despite the surprisingly distant, clinical direction, Crash's explicit premise and sex is classic Cronenberg territory.Synopsis: After surviving a brutal car wreck, commercial director James Ballard finds himself slowly drawn to a mysterious subculture of people... [More]Starring: James Spader, Holly Hunter, Elias Koteas, Rosanna ArquetteDirected By: David Cronenberg#65The Reader (2008) 63%#65Adjusted Score: 70.712% Critics Consensus: Despite Kate Winslet's superb portrayal, The Reader suggests an emotionally distant, Oscar-baiting historical drama.Synopsis: When he falls ill on his way home from school, 15 year-old Michael Berg is rescued by Hanna, a woman... [More]Starring: Kate Winslet, Ralph Fiennes, David Kross, Lena OlinDirected By: Stephen Daldry#64Bitter Moon (1992) 65%#64Adjusted Score: 66.936% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Roman Polanski, Gerard Brach, and John Brownjohn adapted Pascal Bruckner's novel for this erotic, funny, and frequently twisted story of... [More]Starring: Peter Coyote, Emmanuelle Seigner, Hugh Grant, Kristin Scott ThomasDirected By: Roman Polanski#63Magic Mike XXL (2015) 65%#63Adjusted Score: 74.043% Critics Consensus: Magic Mike XXL has enough narrative thrust and beefy charm to deliver another helping of well-oiled entertainment, even if this sequel isn't quite as pleasurable as its predecessor.Synopsis: Picking up the story three years after Mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game,... [More]Starring: Channing Tatum, Matt Bomer, Joe Manganiello, Kevin NashDirected By: Gregory Jacobs#62Intimacy (2001) 66%#62Adjusted Score: 67.7% Critics Consensus: Acted out with both physical and psychological nakedness by its two leads, Intimacy is an unflinchingly honest look at alienation.Synopsis: She comes to his bed-sit every Wednesday afternoon. They don't speak. They don't even know each other's name. But something... [More]Starring: Mark Rylance, Kerry Fox, Timothy Spall, Alastair GalbraithDirected By: Patrice Chéreau#61Bang Gang (A Modern Love Story) (2016) 67%#61Adjusted Score: 67.538% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: George, a pretty teen girl, falls in love with Alex. To get his attention, she initiates a game with their... [More]Starring: Finnegan Oldfield, Marilyn Lima, Daisy Broom, Lorenzo LefèbvreDirected By: Eva Husson#60The Pillow Book (1997) 67%#60Adjusted Score: 69.866% Critics Consensus: The Pillow Book is undeniably sensual and visually ravishing, but the film's narrative lacks the hypnotic pull of its imagery.Synopsis: The erotic exploits of a Japanese woman with an obsession for body writing provides the basis of this exotic, intellectually... [More]Starring: Vivian Wu, Ewan McGregor, Ken Ogata, Yoshi OidaDirected By: Peter Greenaway#59Dirty Dancing (1987) 69%#59Adjusted Score: 74.53% Critics Consensus: Like its winsome characters, Dirty Dancing uses impressive choreography and the power of song to surmount a series of formidable obstacles.Synopsis: A teenage girl learns about love, adult responsibility, and how to do The Dirty Boogie in this romantic drama. In... [More]Starring: Jennifer Grey, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Orbach, Cynthia RhodesDirected By: Emile Ardolino#58Shortbus (2006) 68%#58Adjusted Score: 71.962% Critics Consensus: The sex may be explicit, but Mitchell integrates it into the characters' lives and serves the whole story up with a generous dose of sweetness and wit.Synopsis: The film follows a varied group of seven people, among them a dominatrix and a sex therapist, as they navigate... [More]Starring: Sook Yin Lee, Paul Dawson, PJ DeBoy, Raphael BarkerDirected By: John Cameron Mitchell#57Closer (2004) 68%#57Adjusted Score: 74.02% Critics Consensus: Closer's talented cast and Mike Nichols' typically assured direction help smooth a bumpy journey from stage to screen.Synopsis: Set in contemporary London, a story of passion, drama, love, and abandonment involving four strangers--their chance meetings, instant attractions and... [More]Starring: Natalie Portman, Jude Law, Julia Roberts, Clive OwenDirected By: Mike Nichols#56Sex and Lucia (2002) 71%#56Adjusted Score: 72.343% Critics Consensus: Beneath the gratuitous nudity lies a complex and visually striking movie.Synopsis: Lucia is a waitress who lives and works in Madrid. After what she believes to be the loss of her... [More]Starring: Paz Vega, Tristan Ulloa, Najwa Nimri, Daniel FreireDirected By: Julio Medem#55Lust, Caution (2007) 72%#55Adjusted Score: 76.678% Critics Consensus: Ang Lee's Lust, Caution is a tense, sensual and beautifully-shot espionage film.Synopsis: Academy Award-winning director Ang Lee adapts this Eileen Chang story set in World War II-era Shanghai that details the political... [More]Starring: Tony Leung Chiu Wai, Tang Wei, Joan Chen, Wang Lee HomDirected By: Ang Lee#54Young &amp; Beautiful (Jeune Et Jolie) (2014) 74%#54Adjusted Score: 76.692% Critics Consensus: Ozon may not explore his themes as fully as he should, but Young &amp; Beautiful poses enough intriguing questions -- and features a strong enough performance from Marine Vacth -- to compensate for its frustrations.Synopsis: Acclaimed director François Ozon (Swimming Pool, 8 Women) helms this erotic tale of sexual awakening. After losing her virginity, 17-year-old... [More]Starring: Marine Vacth, Geraldine Pailhas, Frédéric Pierrot, Fantin RavatDirected By: François Ozon#53The Piano Teacher (La Pianiste) (2001) 73%#53Adjusted Score: 75.433% Critics Consensus: Though it makes for rather unpleasant viewing, The Piano Teacher is a riveting and powerful psychosexual drama.Synopsis: Erika Kohut is a piano teacher at the Vienna Conservatory prestigious music school in Vienna. In her early forties and... [More]Starring: Isabelle Huppert, Annie Girardot, Benoît Magimel, Susanne LotharDirected By: Michael Haneke#52High Art (1998) 75%#52Adjusted Score: 77.079% Critics Consensus: A surprisingly sultry performance from Ally Sheedy elevates High Art from pretentious melodrama to compelling -- if still a little pretentious -- romance.Synopsis: Lisa Cholodenko's Sundance award-winning romantic drama about a photo magazine editor and the heroin-addicted former photo prodigy with whom she... [More]Starring: Radha Mitchell, Ally Sheedy, Patricia Clarkson, Bill SageDirected By: Lisa Cholodenko#51Eyes Wide Shut (1999) 75%#51Adjusted Score: 82.141% Critics Consensus: Kubrick's intense study of the human psyche yields an impressive cinematic work.Synopsis: After learning of his wife's flirtatious behavior, Dr. William Harford goes on an odyssey of his own.... [More]Starring: Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, Sydney Pollack, Marie RichardsonDirected By: Stanley Kubrick#50The Lost Boys (1987) 76%#50Adjusted Score: 81.25% Critics Consensus: Flawed but eminently watchable, Joel Schumacher's teen vampire thriller blends horror, humor, and plenty of visual style with standout performances from a cast full of young 1980s stars.Synopsis: In this hit '80s hybrid of the horror movie and the teen flick, a single mom and her two sons... [More]Starring: Corey Haim, Jason Patric, Dianne Wiest, Jason HainDirected By: Joel Schumacher#49Secretary (2002) 77%#49Adjusted Score: 81.222% Critics Consensus: Maggie Gyllenhaal impresses in this romantic comedy with a kinky twist.Synopsis: Sadomasochism provides the backdrop for a very unusual employer/employee relationship in this very offbeat romantic drama from filmmaker Steven Shainberg.... [More]Starring: James Spader, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeremy Davies, Lesley Ann WarrenDirected By: Steven Shainberg#48Nymphomaniac: Volume I (2014) 76%#48Adjusted Score: 83.879% Critics Consensus: Darkly funny, fearlessly bold, and thoroughly indulgent, Nymphomaniac finds Lars von Trier provoking viewers with customary abandon.Synopsis: NYMPHOMANIAC: VOLUME I is the story of Joe (Charlotte Gainsbourg), a self-diagnosed nymphomaniac who is discovered badly beaten in an... [More]Starring: Charlotte Gainsbourg, Stellan Skarsgård, Shia LaBeouf, Stacy MartinDirected By: Lars von Trier#47Betty Blue (372 le Matin) (1986) 77%#47Adjusted Score: 78.72% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Jean-Jacques Beineix's Betty Blue stars Béatrice Dalle as the title character, a mentally unbalanced and sexually aggressive free spirit who... [More]Starring: Jean-Hugues Anglade, Beatrice Dalle, Gérard Darmon, Consuelo De HavilandDirected By: Jean-Jacques Beineix#46Take This Waltz (2012) 79%#46Adjusted Score: 83.899% Critics Consensus: Featuring excellent work from an outstanding cast, the bittersweet drama Waltz proves that in the right hands, a familiar tale can still ring true.Synopsis: When Margot (Michelle Williams), 28, meets Daniel (Luke Kirby), their chemistry is intense and immediate. But Margot suppresses her sudden... [More]Starring: Michelle Williams, Seth Rogen, Luke Kirby, Sarah SilvermanDirected By: Sarah Polley#45Magic Mike (2012) 79%#45Adjusted Score: 86.953% Critics Consensus: Magic Mike's sensitive direction, smart screenplay, and strong performances allow audiences to have their beefcake and eat it too.Synopsis: Set in the world of male strippers, Magic Mike is directed by Steven Soderbergh and stars Channing Tatum in a... [More]Starring: Channing Tatum, Alex Pettyfer, Matt Bomer, Joe ManganielloDirected By: Steven Soderbergh#44Shame (2011) 79%#44Adjusted Score: 86.133% Critics Consensus: Boasting stellar performances by Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan, Shame is a powerful plunge into the mania of addiction affliction.Synopsis: Brandon (Michael Fassbender) is a New Yorker who shuns intimacy with women but feeds his desires with a compulsive addiction... [More]Starring: Michael Fassbender, Carey Mulligan, James Badge Dale, Nicole BeharieDirected By: Steve McQueen (III)#43A Good Day to Be Black &amp; Sexy (2008) 80%#43Adjusted Score: 17.083% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Writer/director/editor Dennis Dortch explores the subject of sexuality and relationships within the black community in this collection of six vignettes... [More]Starring: Allen Maldonado, Kathryn J. Taylor, Brandon Valley Jones, Chonte HarrisDirected By: Dennis Dortch#42Live Flesh (Carne trémula) (1998) 81%#42Adjusted Score: 82.694% Critics Consensus: Live Flesh surveys the fallout from an act of violence with a mature melodrama that sees Pedro Almodóvar working in surprisingly restrained form.Synopsis: Pedro Almodovar's most mature and restrained film is a superbly structured melodrama about five people whose lives in modern Madrid... [More]Starring: Liberto Rabal, Francesca Neri, Javier Bardem, Ángela MolinaDirected By: Pedro Almodóvar#41I Am Love (2010) 81%#41Adjusted Score: 84.636% Critics Consensus: It stumbles into melodrama, but I Am Love backs up its flamboyance with tremendous visual style and a marvelous central performance from Tilda Swinton.Synopsis: This lavish, sprawling drama from filmmaker Luca Guadagnino has drawn numerous comparisons to the films of Luchino Visconti for the... [More]Starring: Tilda Swinton, Flavio Parenti, Edoardo Gabbriellini, Alba RohrwacherDirected By: Luca Guadagnino#40Vicky Cristina Barcelona (2008) 81%#40Adjusted Score: 89.054% Critics Consensus: A beguiling tragicomedy, Vicky Cristina Barcelona charms with beautiful views of the Spanish city and a marvelously well-matched cast.Synopsis: Vicky and Cristina, these two young Americans spend a summer in Spain and meet a flamboyant artist and his beautiful... [More]Starring: Javier Bardem, Penelope Cruz, Scarlett Johansson, Patricia ClarksonDirected By: Woody Allen#39House of Pleasures (2011) 83%#39Adjusted Score: 83.039% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In this lush, atmospheric look at the final days of an elegant, turn-of-the-century brothel, we go inside the cloistered walls... [More]Starring: Hafsia Herzi, Céline Sallette, Jasmine Trinca, Alice BarnoleDirected By: Bertrand Bonello#38Love and Basketball (2000) 83%#38Adjusted Score: 85.948% Critics Consensus: Confident directing and acting deliver an insightful look at young athletes.Synopsis: A young African-American couple navigates the tricky paths of romance and athletics in this drama. Quincy McCall (Omar Epps) and... [More]Starring: Sanaa Lathan, Omar Epps, Dennis Haysbert, Debbi MorganDirected By: Gina Prince-Bythewood#37Swimming Pool (2003) 83%#37Adjusted Score: 87.18% Critics Consensus: A sensual thriller with two engaging performers demanding our undivided attention.Synopsis: Sarah Morton is a famous British mystery author. Tired of London and seeking inspiration for her new novel, she accepts... [More]Starring: Charlotte Rampling, Ludivine Sagnier, Charles Dance, Marc FayolleDirected By: François Ozon#36Mulholland Drive (2001) 83%#36Adjusted Score: 88.982% Critics Consensus: David Lynch's dreamlike and mysterious Mulholland Drive is a twisty neo-noir with an unconventional structure that features a mesmirizing performance from Naomi Watts as a woman on the dark fringes of Hollywood.Synopsis: Along Mulholland Drive nothing is what it seems. In the unreal universe of Los Angeles, the city bares its schizophrenic... [More]Starring: Laura Harring, Naomi Watts, Justin Theroux, Ann MillerDirected By: David Lynch#35Atonement (2007) 83%#35Adjusted Score: 90.364% Critics Consensus: Atonement features strong performances, brilliant cinematography, and a unique score. Featuring deft performances from James MacAvoy and Keira Knightley, it's a successful adaptation of Ian McEwan's novel.Synopsis: In 1935, 13-year-old fledgling writer Briony Tallis and her family live a life of wealth and privilege in their enormous... [More]Starring: James McAvoy, Keira Knightley, Saoirse Ronan, Brenda BlethynDirected By: Joe Wright#34The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999) 83%#34Adjusted Score: 88.81% Critics Consensus: With Matt Damon's unsettling performance offering a darkly twisted counterpoint to Anthony Minghella's glossy direction, The Talented Mr. Ripley is a suspense thriller that lingers.Synopsis: After the Oscar-winning The English Patient, writer/director Anthony Minghella attempted another tricky literary adaptation with The Talented Mr. Ripley, which... [More]Starring: Matt Damon, Gwyneth Paltrow, Jude Law, Cate BlanchettDirected By: Anthony Minghella#33Disobedience (2018) 84%#33Adjusted Score: 92.439% Critics Consensus: Disobedience explores a variety of thought-provoking themes, bolstered by gripping work from leads Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams, and Alessandro Nivola.Synopsis: From Sebastián Lelio, the director of the Academy Award-winning A Fantastic Woman, the film follows a woman as she returns... [More]Starring: Rachel Weisz, Rachel McAdams, Alessandro Nivola, Cara HorganDirected By: Sebastián Lelio#32The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover (1989) 85%#32Adjusted Score: 88.349% Critics Consensus: This romantic crime drama may not be to everyone's taste, but The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover is an audacious, powerful film.Synopsis: This is probably Peter Greenaway's most famous (or infamous) film, which first shocked audiences at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival... [More]Starring: Michael Gambon, Helen Mirren, Richard Bohringer, Alan HowardDirected By: Peter Greenaway#31Black Swan (2010) 85%#31Adjusted Score: 94.897% Critics Consensus: Bracingly intense, passionate, and wildly melodramatic, Black Swan glides on Darren Aronofsky's bold direction -- and a bravura performance from Natalie Portman.Synopsis: A psychological thriller set in the world of New York City ballet, BLACK SWAN stars Natalie Portman as Nina, a... [More]Starring: Natalie Portman, Mila Kunis, Vincent Cassel, Barbara HersheyDirected By: Darren Aronofsky#30In the Realm of the Senses (1976) 86%#30Adjusted Score: 89.403% Critics Consensus: Sexual taboos are broken and boundaries crossed In the Realm of the Senses, a fearlessly provocative psychosexual tale.Synopsis: Based upon a true incident in 1930s Japan, Nagisa Oshima's controversial film effectively skirts the borderline between pornography and art... [More]Starring: Tatsuya Fuji, Eiko Matsuda, Aoi Nakajima, Yasuko MatsuiDirected By: Nagisa Oshima#29Blue Valentine (2010) 86%#29Adjusted Score: 92.334% Critics Consensus: This emotionally gripping examination of a marriage on the rocks isn't always easy to watch, but Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling give performances of unusual depth and power.Synopsis: A complex portrait of a contemporary American marriage, \"Blue Valentine\" tells the story of David and Cindy, a couple who... [More]Starring: Ryan Gosling, Michelle Williams, Faith Wladyka, John DomanDirected By: Andrij Parekh, Derek Cianfrance#28Brokeback Mountain (2005) 87%#28Adjusted Score: 95.498% Critics Consensus: A beautiful, epic Western, Brokeback Mountain's love story is imbued with heartbreaking universality thanks to moving performances by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal.Synopsis: Set against the sweeping landscapes of Wyoming and Texas, this epic love story tells of two young men -- a... [More]Starring: Heath Ledger, Jake Gyllenhaal, Anne Hathaway, Michelle WilliamsDirected By: Ang Lee#27Bound (1996) 89%#27Adjusted Score: 91.094% Critics Consensus: Bound's more titillating elements attracted attention, but it's the stylish direction, solid performances, and entertaining neo-noir caper plot that make it worth a watch.Synopsis: Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly nearly set the screen on fire in this clever, female-powered twist on the standard Mob... [More]Starring: Jennifer Tilly, Gina Gershon, Joe Pantoliano, John P. RyanDirected By: Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski#26My Golden Days (Trois Souvenirs De Ma Jeunesse) (2016) 90%#26Adjusted Score: 92.291% Critics Consensus: My Golden Years is a complex, well-acted coming-of-age drama.Synopsis: The story centers on Paul Dédalus, an anthropologist preparing to leave Tajikistan, who has a series of flashbacks that include... [More]Starring: Quentin Dolmaire, Lou Roy-Lecollinet, Mathieu Amalric, Dinara DrukarovaDirected By: Arnaud Desplechin#25Titanic (1997) 89%#25Adjusted Score: 101.818% Critics Consensus: A mostly unqualified triumph for James Cameron, who offers a dizzying blend of spectacular visuals and old-fashioned melodrama.Synopsis: This spectacular epic re-creates the ill-fated maiden voyage of the White Star Line's $7.5 million R.M.S Titanic and the tragic... [More]Starring: Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, Billy Zane, Kathy BatesDirected By: James Cameron#24A Royal Affair (2012) 90%#24Adjusted Score: 93.602% Critics Consensus: A Royal Affair is a lavish and sumptuous costume drama with a juicy story to back it up.Synopsis: A ROYAL AFFAIR is the true story of an ordinary man who wins the queen's heart and starts a revolution.... [More]Starring: Mads Mikkelsen, Alicia Vikander, Mikkel Boe Følsgaard, Trine DyrholmDirected By: Nikolaj Arcel#23In the Mood for Love (2001) 90%#23Adjusted Score: 94.246% Critics Consensus: This understated romance, featuring good performances by its leads, is both visually beautiful and emotionally moving.Synopsis: For his first film since the 1997 Hong Kong handover, auteur filmmaker Wong Kar-wai directs this moody period drama about... [More]Starring: Tony Leung Chiu Wai, Maggie Cheung, Rebecca Pan, Siu Ping-lamDirected By: Kar-Wai Wong#22She's Gotta Have It (1986) 91%#22Adjusted Score: 93.347% Critics Consensus: With She's Gotta Have It, Spike Lee delivered his bracing first shot across Hollywood's bow -- and set the template for the groundbreaking act to follow.Synopsis: Spike Lee's breakthrough independent feature, shot in fifteen days on a budget of $175,000, ushered in (along with Jim Jarmusch's... [More]Starring: Spike Lee, Tracy Camilla Johns, Tracy Camila Johns, Tommy Redmond HicksDirected By: Spike Lee#21From Here to Eternity (1953) 92%#21Adjusted Score: 100.396% Critics Consensus: It has perhaps aged poorly, but this languidly paced WWII romance remains an iconic, well-acted film, featuring particularly strong performances from Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift.Synopsis: The scene is Schofield Army Barracks in Honolulu, in the languid days before the attack on Pearl Harbor, where James... [More]Starring: Burt Lancaster, Montgomery Clift, Deborah Kerr, Frank SinatraDirected By: Fred Zinnemann#20Y Tu Mama Tambien (2001) 92%#20Adjusted Score: 96.362% Critics Consensus: A road movie that's not only sexy, but intelligent as well.Synopsis: Alfonso Cuarón directed and co-wrote this sexy art-house hit from Mexico. The funny and moving coming-of-age story centers on two... [More]Starring: Maribel Verdu, Gael García Bernal, Diego Luna, María AuraDirected By: Alfonso Cuarón#19Ex Machina (2015) 92%#19Adjusted Score: 102.857% Critics Consensus: Ex Machina leans heavier on ideas than effects, but it's still a visually polished piece of work -- and an uncommonly engaging sci-fi feature.Synopsis: Alex Garland, writer of 28 Days Later and Sunshine, makes his directorial debut with the stylish and cerebral thriller, EX... [More]Starring: Alicia Vikander, Oscar Isaac, Domhnall Gleeson, Sonoya MizunoDirected By: Alex Garland#18Dangerous Liaisons (1988) 93%#18Adjusted Score: 94.613% Critics Consensus: Stylish, seductive, and clever, Stephen Frears' adaptation is a wickedly entertaining exploration of sexual politics.Synopsis: Adapted for stage and screen several times over the past century, French author Francois Choderlos de Laclos' 1782 novel Les... [More]Starring: Glenn Close, John Malkovich, Michelle Pfeiffer, Uma ThurmanDirected By: Stephen Frears#17Boogie Nights (1997) 93%#17Adjusted Score: 97.155% Critics Consensus: Grounded in strong characters, bold themes, and subtle storytelling, Boogie Nights is a groundbreaking film both for director P.T. Anderson and star Mark Wahlberg.Synopsis: Set in 1977, back when sex was safe, pleasure was a business and business was booming, idealistic porn producer Jack... [More]Starring: Mark Wahlberg, Burt Reynolds, Julianne Moore, John C. ReillyDirected By: Paul Thomas Anderson#16Out of Sight (1998) 93%#16Adjusted Score: 97.838% Critics Consensus: Steven Soderbergh's intelligently crafted adaptation of the Elmore Leonard novel is witty, sexy, suprisingly entertaining, and a star-making turn for George Clooney.Synopsis: Steven Soderbergh directed this crime caper adapted from the novel by Elmore Leonard. When ex-con Jack Foley (George Clooney) robs... [More]Starring: George Clooney, Jennifer Lopez, Ving Rhames, Don CheadleDirected By: Steven Soderbergh#15The Last Seduction (1994) 94%#15Adjusted Score: 96.883% Critics Consensus: Like Body Heat, The Last Seduction updates film noir techniques for a modern era, imbuing this erotic film with '90s snark.Synopsis: Bridget Gregory seems to have it all: beauty, intelligence and a marriage to Clay, a wealthy physician. But everything isn't... [More]Starring: Linda Fiorentino, Peter Berg, Bill Pullman, J.T. WalshDirected By: John Dahl#14Stranger by the Lake (2014) 94%#14Adjusted Score: 97.264% Critics Consensus: Sexy, smart, and darkly humorous, Stranger by the Lake offers rewarding viewing for adult filmgoers in search of thought-provoking drama.Synopsis: Frank (Pierre Deladonchamps) spends his summer days hopelessly searching for companionship at a popular cruising spot on the shores of... [More]Starring: Pierre Deladonchamps, Christophe Paou, Patrick d'Assumçao, Jérôme ChappatteDirected By: Alain Guiraudie#13Carol (2015) 94%#13Adjusted Score: 106.081% Critics Consensus: Shaped by Todd Haynes' deft direction and powered by a strong cast led by Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara, Carol lives up to its groundbreaking source material.Synopsis: In this adaptation of the novel \"The Price of Salt\" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk... [More]Starring: Cate Blanchett, Kyle Chandler, Rooney Mara, Sarah PaulsonDirected By: Todd Haynes#12Call Me by Your Name (2018) 94%#12Adjusted Score: 109.53% Critics Consensus: Call Me by Your Name offers a melancholy, powerfully affecting portrait of first love, empathetically acted by Timothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer.Synopsis: CALL ME BY YOUR NAME, the new film by Luca Guadagnino, is a sensual and transcendent tale of first love,... [More]Starring: Armie Hammer, Timothée Chalamet, Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira CasarDirected By: Luca Guadagnino#11Fallen Angels (1995) 95%#11Adjusted Score: 95.589% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Wong Kar-wai's Fallen Angels is a sequel of sorts to the director's 1994 U.S. breakthrough Chungking Express. Expanding on the... [More]Starring: Leon Lai, Leon Lai Ming, Michelle Reis, Takeshi KaneshiroDirected By: Kar-Wai Wong#10Desert Hearts (1986) 96%#10Adjusted Score: 97.406% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Based on Jane Rule's novel Desert of the Heart (1964), Donna Deitch's narrative feature debut centers on a burgeoning lesbian... [More]Starring: Helen Shaver, Patricia Charbonneau, Audra Lindley, Andra AkersDirected By: Donna Deitch#9Belle de Jour (1968) 95%#9Adjusted Score: 100.752% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Belle de Jour dramatizes the collision between depravity and elegance, one of the favorite themes of director Luis Buñuel. Catherine... [More]Starring: Catherine Deneuve, Jean Sorel, Michel Piccoli, Geneviève PageDirected By: Luis Buñuel#8Weekend (2011) 95%#8Adjusted Score: 97.045% Critics Consensus: It may be a chamber piece but Weekend's revelations on modern sexuality expand far beyond the modest setting.Synopsis: Weekend follows Russell (newcomer Tom Cullen, Best Actor winner at Nashville), who, after randomly picking up artist Glen (Chris New)... [More]Starring: Tom Cullen, Chris New, Jonathan Race, Laura FreemanDirected By: Andrew Haigh#7The Handmaiden (Ah-ga-ssi) (2016) 95%#7Adjusted Score: 103.402% Critics Consensus: The Handmaiden uses a Victorian crime novel as the loose inspiration for another visually sumptuous and absorbingly idiosyncratic outing from director Park Chan-wook.Synopsis: From PARK Chan-wook, the celebrated director of OLDBOY, LADY VENGEANCE, THIRST and STOKER, comes a ravishing new crime drama inspired... [More]Starring: Kim Min-hee, Ha Jung-woo, Cho Jin-woong, Kim Hae-sukDirected By: Park Chan-wook#6Sex, Lies, and Videotape (1989) 96%#6Adjusted Score: 99.439% Critics Consensus: In his feature directorial debut, Steven Soderbergh demonstrates a mastery of his craft well beyond his years, pulling together an outstanding cast and an intelligent script for a nuanced, mature film about neurosis and human sexuality.Synopsis: Steven Soderbergh kickstarted the independent film movement of the 1990s with this landmark drama about the tangled relationships among four... [More]Starring: James Spader, Andie MacDowell, Peter Gallagher, Laura San GiacomoDirected By: Steven Soderbergh#5My Beautiful Laundrette (1985) 98%#5Adjusted Score: 100.482% Critics Consensus: My Beautiful Laundrette is fast and all over the place because it has so much to say, and show, including a highly watchable fresh-faced Daniel Day-Lewis.Synopsis: After the death of his wife and his subsequent descent into alcoholic near-agoraphobia, a crotchety Pakistani intellectual convinces his shady... [More]Starring: Daniel Day-Lewis, Gordon Warnecke, Saeed Jaffrey, Roshan SethDirected By: Stephen Frears#4Body Heat (1981) 98%#4Adjusted Score: 100.872% Critics Consensus: Made from classic noir ingredients and flavored with a heaping helping of steamy modern spice, Body Heat more than lives up to its evocative title.Synopsis: Lawrence Kasdan's first directorial effort is a throwback to the early days of film noir. The scene is a beastly... [More]Starring: William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Richard Crenna, Ted DansonDirected By: Lawrence Kasdan#3Portrait of a Lady on Fire (Portrait de la jeune fille en feu) (2020) 98%#3Adjusted Score: 111.742% Critics Consensus: A singularly rich period piece, Portrait of a Lady on Fire finds stirring, thought-provoking drama within a powerfully acted romance.Synopsis: France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of Héloïse, a young woman who has just left the... [More]Starring: Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Valeria GolinoDirected By: Céline Sciamma#2Moonlight (2016) 98%#2Adjusted Score: 113.667% Critics Consensus: Moonlight uses one man's story to offer a remarkable and brilliantly crafted look at lives too rarely seen in cinema.Synopsis: The tender, heartbreaking story of a young man's struggle to find himself, told across three defining chapters in his life... [More]Starring: Naomie Harris, André Holland, Mahershala Ali, Janelle MonáeDirected By: Barry Jenkins (III)#1Gloria (2014) 99%#1Adjusted Score: 103.67% Critics Consensus: Marvelously directed by Sebastian Lelio and beautifully led by a powerful performance from Paulina Garcia, Gloria takes an honest, sweetly poignant look at a type of character that's all too often neglected in Hollywood.Synopsis: Gloria is a \"woman of a certain age\" but still feels young. Though lonely, she makes the best of her... [More]Starring: Paulina García, Sergio Hernández, Diego Fontecilla, Fabiola ZamoraDirected By: Sebastián Lelio","section":"Countdown","tags":"Podcast, TCA, independent, The, telelvision, Trailer, street, YouTube, York, stoner, Nominations","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/02181959/600TheDreamers.jpg","slug":"sexiest-movies"},{"id":"47613833520886","title":"RT’s Top Yuletide Comedies — Christmas Countdown, Day One","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT's Top Yuletide Comedies -- Christmas Countdown, Day Oneby Jeff Giles | December 18, 2006 |  CommentsWelcome to RT’s Five Days of Christmas Countdown, where we serve up a different list each day of the best holiday flicks around. Today, feast your eyes on the Top Christmas Comedies — a little Billy Bob, a little Will Ferrell, and at least one triple dog dare — and prepare to get in the holiday spirit.The holidays are here, and it’s time to break out your sleds, roast your chestnuts, and watch a movie or five about yuletide magic (or a decided lack thereof). Chances are you’ve seen enough Christmas movies to know that just because you stick a Santa hat on something, it isn’t necessarily worth watching (yes, \"Jingle All the Way,\" we’re looking at you). And when in doubt regarding your best viewing for any occasion, as always, we’re here to help; the merry elves at Rotten Tomatoes have listed the Tomatometers, checked them twice, and will be presenting, over the next five days, the best holiday films in the following categories: Classics, Comedies, Animated/Children’s, Dramas, and Thrillers. Pour yourself a cup of eggnog and get ready for some fine seasonal viewing!\"It’s the most wonderful time of the year…\"Top 5 Yuletide ComediesFirst, the holiday comedy — surely one of the most problematic genres in all of cinema. Luckily, we’re here to help you navigate the tinsel-strewn minefields of holiday humor; all five of these films are as fresh as the day they were picked. Ho, ho, ho!5) Bad Santa (2003) 74%Regarded skeptically upon its release in 2003, \"Bad Santa\" has gone on to find new life as a rental cult classic for folks who like a little bourbon in their cinematic eggnog. The setup is simple — Billy Bob Thornton is a larcenous department-store Santa — but it’s the little touches that make the movie worth revisiting, from Bernie Mac as a mall detective to John Ritter (in one of his last roles) as a store manager. There are reasons this film caused a mild uproar, but if you’ve got the sense of humor for it, \"Bad Santa\" might find its way into your perennial holiday lineup.Starring: Billy Bob Thornton, Bernie MacDirected by: Terry Zwigoff4) The Santa Clause (1994) 78%Consider it the anti-\"Bad Santa\": the first entry in Tim Allen‘s yuletide trilogy doesn’t have a mean bone in its goofy red and green body — and though subsequent sequels about the everyman-turned-Saint Nick have been ill-advised at best, \"The Santa Clause\" is better than you might remember. Though Allen has always seemed a little too small for the big screen, and the jokes are often broad enough to paint a barn door, this is a fine choice for viewers with kids. Or viewers who just want to feel like kids for a couple of hours.Starring: Tim Allen, Judge ReinholdDirected by: John Pasquin3) The Ref (1994) 79%This wasn’t Denis Leary‘s first feature film, but it was his first starring vehicle, and its low crap quotient — along with its release hot on the heels of Leary’s hit \"No Cure for Cancer\" album — helped make it a higher-profile affair than certain subsequent Leary films. It isn’t perfect, and certainly, if you’re a fan of the late Bill Hicks, \"The Ref\" is probably the last Denis Leary film you ever want to see — but that being said, the comedian’s ceaseless ranting is at its most palatable here, and Kevin Spacey and Judy Davis add a nice touch as Leary’s feuding captives. No patience for holiday cheer? \"The Ref\" might be the movie for you.Starring: Denis Leary, Judy DavisDirected by: Ted Demme2) Elf (2003) 85%Every star in the firmament had to align in order to make a picture about a man-child who believes himself one of Santa’s elves anything more than fodder for horrible late-night movie marathons — and, with \"Elf,\" align themselves they did. Will Ferrell has the perfect blend of naïveté and oafishness for the title role, and director Jon Favreau keeps things sweet without being cloying. It’s also awfully hard to argue with any film that puts Bob Newhart in pointy shoes and a silly cap.Starring: Will Ferrell, Zooey DeschanelDirected by: Jon Favreau1) A Christmas Story (1984) 88%There are probably some negative things that can be said about this movie — it gave star Peter Billingsley the chance to go on and make \"The Dirt Bike Kid,\" for one — but none of them detract from \"A Christmas Story\"’s sheer holiday greatness. If you came of age in the 1980s, it’s safe to say you’ve seen it dozens of times; \"Story\" is the \"It’s a Wonderful Life\" of the MTV generation, which is why it’s at once evocative of both Norman Rockwell‘s America and breakdancing. It shouldn’t make sense, but it does.Starring: Peter Billingsley, Darren McGavinDirected by: Bob ClarkStay tuned, as tomorrow we count down the Freshest seasonal dramas!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"hard, comic, adaptation, San, Exclusive, stoner, Month, 2018","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rts-top-yuletide-comedies-christmas-countdown-day-one"},{"id":"47508808023991","title":"Critical Consensus: \"Black Dahlia\" Wilts; \"Gridiron Gang\" Fumbles; \"Last Kiss\" Just Like the First; \"Everyone’s Hero\" Not","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: \"Black Dahlia\" Wilts; \"Gridiron Gang\" Fumbles; \"Last Kiss\" Just Like the First; \"Everyone's Hero\" Notby Binh Ngo | September 14, 2006 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we have De Palma‘s latest thriller (\"The Black Dahlia\"), Zach Braff whining about growing up (\"The Last Kiss\"), The Rock teaching young criminals about the reformative nature of football (\"Gridiron Gang\"), and the late Christopher Reeve‘s brainchild (\"Everyone’s Hero\"). What do the critics have to say?Everyone is dressed to kill (Hilary Swank as a femme fatale!) in Brian De Palma‘s latest thriller \"The Black Dahlia,\" but the movie is decidedly coming up snake eyes for critics. While his movie captures the tawdry atmosphere of the ’40s, the story is so convoluted and, in retrospect, so flimsy, the phrase \"looks great, less filling\" comes to mind. That several of the lead characters are miscast doesn’t help, either. Critics agree De Palma has overreached in his ambitious adaptation of James Ellroy’s novel, as \"The Black Dahlia\" currently sits at 44% on the Tomatometer.The makings of a love triangle. Eckhart, Johansson, and Hartnett in \"Black Dahlia.\"Growing up is hard to do, but do they have to make yet another movie about it? That’s what critics are asking with \"The Last Kiss,\" the English language remake of the Italian movie \"L’Ultimo Bacio.\" Starring Zach Braff (\"Garden State\"), the movie follows four buddies in their late twenties at various stages of their lives. While the dialogue is particularly strong, courtesy of Oscar winner Paul Haggis (\"Crash\"), the movie brings nothing particularly new to its premise that hasn’t been done before, and better, in other movies such as Barry Levinson’s \"Diner.\" \"The Last Kiss\" has a Tomatometer of 45%.\"Gridiron Gang\" is one of those inspirational tales about triumphing over adversity that you’ve probably seen a million times, except this one stars former wrestler The Rock as the probation officer who reforms young criminals through football. The movie is as clichéd as you might expect, and most of the critics say the sappy nature of this tale, compounded by predictability, makes \"Gridiron\" (39% Tomatometer rating) a fumble.Remember the Titans! The Gridiron gang after a victory.\"Everyone’s Hero,\" the animated tale directed partially by the late Christopher Reeve, has its heart in the right place, but critics say this bland cartoon won’t appeal to anyone besides tiny tots. It sits at 38% on the Tomatometer.In Guess the Tomatometer for \"The Covenant\" last week, ‘havoc_012’ hit the bull’s-eye with a guess of 3%.Recent De Palma Directed Movies:——————————–49% — Femme Fatale (2002)24% — Mission to Mars (2002)33% — Snake Eyes (1998)67% — Mission:Impossible (1996)Recent The Rock Movies:————————29% — Be Cool (2005)19% — Doom (2005)25% — Walking Tall (2004)69% — The Rundown (2003)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"zombies, fresh, Film, Superheroe, 2017, dramedy, Anna, Pictures, FXX, mockumentary, Nominations, Pictures, series, scary","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critical-Consensus-Black-Dahlia-Wilts-Gridiron-Gang-Fumbles-Last-Kiss-Just-Like-the-First-Everyones-Hero-Not"},{"id":"47508998828745","title":"Total Recall: Across the Universe And The Beatles On Film","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Total Recall: Across the Universe And The Beatles On FilmBeatlemania at RT: A Hard Day's Night, Help!, Magical Mystery Tour, Yellow Submarine, Let It Beby Tim Ryan | September 12, 2007 |  CommentsThis week, Across the Universe hits theaters. Julie Taymor‘s film, starring Evan Rachel Wood and Jim Sturgess as a young couple in the midst of the heady, chaotic 1960s, utilizes the Beatles‘ music to evoke the time period. With that in mind, it’s a good time to take a closer look at the Beatles’ cinematic legacy.A number of films have attempted to distill the influence and essence of the Fab Four, some from the perspective of their fans (I Wanna Hold Your Hand, 82 percent on the Tomatometer), others from the enduring appeal of the group’s music (the notorious Sergeant Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band, 17 percent); still others poke mild fun at Beatle history (The Rutles: All You Need is Cash, 88 percent). Even the group’s first bassist, Stu Sutcliffe, was the subject of a biopic (Backbeat, 74 percent). Ultimately, though, it’s the films in which the Beatles themselves star that remain the best testament to the group’s legend; like their records, the Beatles’ best movies are replete with bold innovation, a mischievous sense of humor, and a sheer joie de vivre.The first Beatles film, A Hard Day’s Night (100 percent), is also the greatest. The famous opening scene of the group running down the street, chased by crazed fans, sets that tone; it’s a headlong rush that instantly changed the synthesis of music and film forever. Utilizing quick-cut editing techniques, director Richard Lester created musical interludes that act as proto-music videos (the sequence in which the boys horse around in a field, to the tune of “Can’t Buy Me Love,” is probably the best, but “I Should Have Known Better,” “She Loves You,” and “All My Loving” also get memorable treatment as well) and remain influential to this day. A Hard Day’s Night went a long way toward establishing a public perception of the individual Beatles that, however unfairly, carried over into the general consensus of their musical contributions: John, sarcastic and witty; Paul, the showman; George, quiet but inquisitive; Ringo, always up for a laugh.It’s the personalities of the Beatles that keep the rest of A Hard Day’s Night from aging. The movie follows a day in the life of the young Beatles on their way to a television performance; it sounds simple enough, but the group must outwit its rabid fans, management, and the police, as well as overcoming the dissent sewn by Wilfrid Brambell as Paul’s crotchety grandfather. A Hard Day’s Night has a sophistication and formal daring that remains unmatched in the world of rock film; it’s “a comedy classic that cross-pollinated Jean-Luc Godard with the four Marx brothers,” wrote John Anderson of Newsday.After the mold-breaking brilliance of A Hard Day’s Night, the Beatles’ second film, Help! (89 percent), is far less consequential. Once again, Lester is at the helm, and once again, the film is a virtually plotless assortment of gags and musical performances. The narrative centers around a religious cult that needs a ring to perform a human sacrifice. Unfortunately for Ringo, he’s just added some new bling to his collection; the band goes on the run, raising some (gentle) Cain in the Alps and the Caribbean.But something’s missing this time out. Despite the Beatles’ good humor, reasonably funny jokes, and several remarkable songs (including “Ticket to Ride,” “You’ve Got to Hide Your Love Away,” and the title tune), Help! lacks the easy charm and stylistic daring of Night. (And in this age of political correctness, some may find the exotic religious cult plotline a bit questionable). Still, Help! makes for moderately pleasant viewing; the Austin Powers films would later draw from this swingin’ spy movie parody. “While it’s true that it’s more Richard Lester’s vision than the group’s, it must be noted that Lester’s anarchic absurdity and quick cut camera gags make for a pretty good whole,” wrote Brad Laidman of Film Threat.Magical Mystery Tour (60 percent), on the other hand, doesn’t really work as a whole; this hour-long, made-for-TV flick is generally considered to be the weakest Beatles film. Inspired by the antics of Timothy Leary and the Merry Pranksters, Magical Mystery Tour finds the Beatles driving across the English countryside in a bus full of magicians, family members, and oddballs. The jokes are dated, the antics shapeless, and the plot nonexistent. Still, any film in which the Beatles simply play music is of interest, and the proto-videos for “I Am the Walrus,” “Your Mother Should Know,” and “Blue Jay Way” are stunning, showing a formal discipline lacking in the rest of the movie. “I would recommend a new generation of Beatle fans to put [Magical Mystery Tour] near the bottom of their to-do list, but never to scratch it off entirely,” wrote Colin Souter of eFilmcritic.com. “It remains a necessary curiosity item and slightly ahead of its time.” Mystery gets bonus points for Lennon’s storybook-esque narration; even at their trippiest, the Beatles maintain a sense of innocent wonder.That childlike essence was brilliantly distilled in the Beatles’ next film, the dazzling, richly inventive Yellow Submarine (94 percent). Unenthusiastic about making another live-action film, the Fab Four utilized the cartoon medium in order to fulfill their three-picture deal with United Artists (none of the Beatles performed their voice roles for the movie). However, the result was a swirling phantasmagoria of colors and inspired animation techniques; Director George Dunning and a crack team of artists utilized psychedelic visuals and some heavily-stylized live action footage to bring such Beatles classics as “Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds,” “Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band,” “Nowhere Man,” and “All You Need Is Love” to vivid life. The plot is simple: The music-hating Blue Meanies attack the colorful Pepperland, rendering it a cold, joyless place. One resident, Old Fred, escapes in the titular craft and collects the Beatles, who travel through a series of dreamworlds to save the town with their songs. (The group liked the final result so much they agreed to appear in the flesh for the movie’s coda).Though some of the animation may seem somewhat dated by today’s standards, the sense of daring contained within Yellow Submarine still seems fresh; the film exerted an influence on the films of Wes Anderson, particularly The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. (Those who see it as a stoner film miss the point; as the Beatles themselves knew, children are often unconscious surrealists). The film embodies “exactly what the Beatles represented emotionally and philosophically in the mid-’60s: artistic daring, cheeky non-sentimentality, a new generation taking over, naively confident the world was ‘getting better all the time,'” wrote William Arnold of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.Evidence of the Beatles’ exuberance would be in short supply in their next film, Let It Be (73 percent). A documentary about the making of the album of the same name, Let It Be finds the group (with Billy Preston sitting in on organ) going through the motions. The exuberance and communal spirit of A Hard Day’s Night appears to be long gone (even Ringo seems dour throughout the proceedings). It comes as something of a shock when one remembers the fact that none of the Beatles had yet turned 30; they seem ravaged, exhausted, and not particularly happy to be in each other’s company. Hints of domestic concerns seep in; Yoko Ono is often seen at John’s side, and Paul’s stepdaughter Heather provides some fleeting moments of levity, dancing with happy abandon to the Beatles’ jam sessions.In fact, it’s only when the band is playing that the old spirit of excitement and teamwork is revived; the group runs through its new material, which includes “Get Back,” “Two of Us,” and the title track, as well as some loose, ragged covers of R&amp;B classics like “Kansas City” and “Lawdy Miss Clawdy.” And the famous rooftop concert that concludes Let It Be has a giddy, raucous air; you can feel the excitement of the crowd that gathers on the street below, and the brief respite for the Beatles from the bad feelings in the studio. (The rooftop concert was memorably recreated for U2’s “Where the Streets Have No Name” video.) Even though it ends on a note of triumph, Let It Be is a document of the dissolution of the Beatles, and as a result, it’s a bittersweet experience. “This was the only time the Beatles were not working for the camera in the characters associated with their respective personalities,” wrote Phil Hall in Film Threat.”The raw emotion on screen makes for unsettling yet hypnotic viewing.”Apart from the group, the Beatles’ film work was almost as disparate as the members’ solo albums. Lennon starred in Lester’s anti-war satire How I Won the War (55 percent); though he disliked the experience of making the film, Lester thought Lennon could have made it as an actor nonetheless. As a solo artist, McCartney was twice nominated for an Oscar (for “Live and Let Die” and “Vanilla Sky”). His best-known movie as an actor is Give My Regards to Broad Street (23 percent), in which he plays a version of himself. Ringo lent his amiable personality to oddities like The Magic Christian (46 percent), Frank Zappa‘s 200 Motels (67 percent), and Caveman (15 percent). Ironically, it was George, the “quiet Beatle,” whose work in film was most memorable. As co-founder of Handmade Films, Harrison helped produce such edgy, important work as Monty Python’s Life of Brian (98 percent), Time Bandits (94 percent), and Withnail &amp; I (94 percent).Time will tell if Across the Universe sets off another wave of Beatlemania. But one thing’s fore sure: when it comes to rock movies, nobody can top the Fab Four.","section":"Total Recall","tags":"worst","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Total-Recall-Across-the-Universe-And-The-Beatles-On-Film"},{"id":"47508770485837","title":"Critics Consensus: Riddick is Decent Action Fare","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Riddick is Decent Action FarePlus, Red Obsession, Fire In The Blood, and I Am Breathing are strong documentaries.by Tim Ryan | September 5, 2013 |  CommentsThis week, we’ve only got one new film in wide release: Riddick, starring Vin Diesel and Karl Urban in the continuing adventures of the titular 28th Century soldier. What do the critics have to say?Riddick 57%Nearly a decade after The Chronicles of Riddick, everyone’s favorite intergalactic survivalist is back — but is he better than ever? Critics say Riddick is weighted down by bad dialogue and some generic plotting, but if you’re in the market for a decent meat-and-potatoes action flick, you could do much worse. This time out, Riddick finds himself trapped on an inhospitable planet crawling with aliens. So he sends out a distress signal to the bounty hunters on his trail, with the hope of commandeering a craft and escaping to a safer place in the universe. The pundits say Riddick is strictly genre fare, and as such, it offers bone-crunching sci-fi thrills and a muddled narrative in nearly equal measure. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down Diesel’s best-reviewed movies.)Also opening this week in limited release:Red Obsession, a documentary about the wild world of counterfeit wine, is at 100 percent.Fire In The Blood, an activist documentary about the high cost of prescription drugs, is at 94 percent.I Am Breathing, a documentary about a man suffering from ALS who works to make his last days as fruitful as possible, is at 94 percent.The Future, starring Rutger Hauer in a psychological thriller about a group of young people who hatch a plot to rob an aging movie star, is at 86 percent.Populaire, a period romantic comedy about the relationship between a slick insurance agent and his fast-typing secretary, is at 69 percent.My Father and the Man in Black, a doc about the relationship between Johnny Cash and his manager Saul Holiff, is at 58 percent.99%: The Occupy Wall Street Collaborative Film, a crowdsourced doc on the recent protest movement, is at 57 percent.La Maison De La Radio, a documentary portrait of the inner workings of Radio France, is at 50 percent.Adore, starring Naomi Watts and Robin Wright in a drama about two women with disturbingly close relationships with each other’s sons, is at 44 percent.Hell Baby, starring Rob Corddry and Leslie Bibb in a horror comedy about the strange things that happen when expectant parents move into a creepy old house in New Orleans, is at 40 percent.A Teacher, a thriller about a high school teacher who has an affair with one of her students, is at 38 percent.Salinger, a documentary about the reclusive author of The Catcher in the Rye, is at 36 percent.Bounty Killer, a dystopian action flick about rival killers of white-collar criminals, is at 33 percent.Touchy Feely, starring Rosemarie DeWitt and Ellen Page in a dramedy about a masseuse who develops a phobia to touching skin, is at 32 percent.Winnie Mandela, starring Jennifer Hudson and Terrence Howard in a biopic of the South African first lady, is at six percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Kaling, Photos","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-Riddick-is-Decent-Action-Fare"},{"id":"47509116206825","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Thor Still Rules, Best Man Huge in 2nd Place","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Thor Still Rules, Best Man Huge in 2nd Placeby Gitesh Pandya | November 17, 2013 |  CommentsThe mighty super hero sequel Thor: The Dark World ruled the box office for a second time while the comedy sequel The Best Man Holiday debuted to sensational results in second place while playing in about half as many theaters. With only one new wide release entering the marketplace, most holdovers enjoyed low declines during the calm before the Katniss storm.Holding the top spot for a second weekend in a row, Thor dropped a reasonable 55% to an estimated $38.5M pushing its cume to $147M after ten-plus days of release. It was a fairly good decline for this type of film considering the first Thor fell 47% in its sophomore session and that the sequel’s first frame included extra grosses from its Thursday night shows before opening day. Dark World fared slightly better than fellow Marvel sequel Iron Man 2 which dropped 59% in May 2010 as well as Captain America: The First Avenger which tumbled 61% in July 2011.Instead the hold was much more like last November’s Bond sequel Skyfall which declined by 54% this very same weekend. With good buzz and the lucrative Thanksgiving holiday coming up, the new Thor may find its way to a finish in the $250M range which would be an impressive 38% improvement on the $181M of its predecessor.Overseas, the son of Odin continued to collect hefty numbers with an estimated $52.5M making for a global weekend gross of $91M. Led by China’s $41.8M in just ten days, the international cume is now $332.8M which is already 24% better than the final overseas tally on the first Thor. Worldwide sits at $479.8M with the half-century mark set to be smashed in the coming days on its way to the vicinity of a wonderful $750M or so.Opening to fantastic numbers in the runner-up spot was The Best Man Holiday with an estimated $30.6M from 2,024 locations for a scorching $15,115 per-theater average. The three-day tally almost reached the total gross of its 1999 predecessor The Best Man which took in $34.1M in the fall of that year after opening at number one with $9M.Fans were still interested in Harper Stewart and his pals and the new installment brought back the whole cast from the first film including Taye Diggs, Morris Chestnut, Terrence Howard, Nia Long, and Regina Hall who have all increased their starpower over the last 14 years. Reviews were mixed but generally upbeat – more than good enough for a comedy sequel with a built-in audience.Holiday was the fifth R-rated comedy of the year to open over $30M and became that rare film to earn A+ CinemaScore grades across all four quadrants. Recent movies that have scored an A+ include all-time opening weekend champ The Avengers, Oscar king Argo, and last spring’s uplifting baseball drama 42.Filled with both laughs and cries, the new Best Man’s success was powered by African-American women. Studio research showed that the crowd was 75% female, 87% black, and 63% 35 and older.Though a spectacular opening, it wasn’t groundbreaking as numerous films with predominantly African-American casts have scored muscular debuts with powerful averages. The recent all-star comedy Think Like a Man bowed to $33.6M on its way to a $91.5M final while ensemble sequel Barbershop 2 debuted to $24.2M leading to a $65.1M final. Plus Tyler Perry, who has utterly dominated the market for comedies aimed at black adults, has opened five films to over $25M a piece.Produced for only $17M, The Best Man Holiday should be able to end its run with a minimum of $75M – more than four times its cost – and it would not be surprising if the cast is reassembled in the near future for another chapter.With impressive staying power, the geezer comedy Last Vegas finished in third place in its third weekend with an estimated $8.9M sliding a mere 20%. CBS Films has banked $47M to date and should continue to attract solid sales at least through Thanksgiving weekend.More funny flicks with legs followed. The animated film Free Birds eased 25% to an estimated $8.3M putting Relativity’s total at $42.2M. Paramount’s spinoff hit Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa grossed an estimated $7.7M, off just 32%, for a $90.2M cume.Fall smash Gravity eased by only 26% to an estimated $6.3M boosting the remarkable domestic sum to $240.6M. Ender’s Game, a space flick not doing as well, followed with an estimated $6.2M falling 40% in the process. Cume to date is $53.8M for the pricey sci-fi film.12 Years A Slave dropped 30% to an estimated $4.7M and upped its sum to $24.9M for Fox Searchlight. Sony’s Captain Phillips slipped only 21% to an estimated $4.5M for $97.6M to date. Rounding out the top ten was the disappointing romance About Time with an estimated $3.5M, down 26%, and a weak $11.6M total.In platform release, Alexander Payne’s new film Nebraska enjoyed a nice start with an estimated $140,000 from only four sites for a potent $35,000 average. The well-reviewed film from Paramount expands to the top ten markets next weekend.Among films that expanded, Matthew McConaughey’s Dallas Buyers Club went from 35 to 184 locations and grossed an estimated $1.8M for a promising $9,701 average. Fox’s The Book Thief widened from 4 to 29 sites and collected an estimated $425,000 for a solid $14,655 average. It goes nationwide over the long turkey frame.The top ten films grossed an estimated $119.1M which was down 51% from last year when tentpole The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 opened at number one with $141.1M; and down 44% from 2011 when Breaking Dawn Part 1 debuted in the top spot with $138.1M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Tomatazos, historical, halloween","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Thor-Still-Rules-Best-Man-Huge-in-2nd-Place"},{"id":"47613652978340","title":"How \"United 93\" Came From \"Bourne\" and \"Watchmen\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})How \"United 93\" Came From \"Bourne\" and \"Watchmen\"by Scott Weinberg | April 26, 2006 |  CommentsThe fact that a studio went out and made a movie about 9/11 should come as no big surprise; true-life tragedy has made its way into tons of well-known (and often excellent) films. But it’s pretty interesting to learn that Universal’s \"United 93\" came to be mainly because A) the \"Watchmen\" flick fell through, and B) Uni really wanted Paul Greengrass back to direct \"The Bourne Ultimatum.\"According to Variety, \"The decision to make the $15 million film stemmed from a series of fortuitous events: The demise of a project at Paramount and Universal’s desire to make a sequel to \"The Bourne Supremacy,\" which Greengrass had directed.The Brit director, who had his breakthrough in 2002 with his docudocu-style \"Bloody Sunday,\" had been mulling a film about 9/11 since the attacks in 2001. But in June 2005, the two projects on his plate were \"The Bourne Ultimatum\" for Universal and an adaptation of \"The Watchmen\" for Paramount.Almost since \"The Bourne Supremacy\" opened in 2004, U had been trying to lock Greengrass down for the third installment. But with no script, neither Greengrass nor star Matt Damon had committed to the pic. So \"The Watchmen\" at Paramount looked like Greengrass’ next film, until newly installed chairman Brad Grey scrubbed the project because of a budget threatening to top $100 million.With Greengrass available, U execs began trying to get the next \"Bourne\" entry up and running. Greengrass, however, had another idea: \"United 93.\"For a whole lot more on the \"United 93\" back-story, check out this rather fine Variety article.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"dceu","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"how-united-93-came-from-bourne-and-watchmen"},{"id":"47614281162697","title":"Spider-Man Gets Dark!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Spider-Man Gets Dark!by Scott Weinberg | February 24, 2006 |  CommentsYou’ll find this pic on just about every quality movie site by now, but Superhero Hype was the first outlet to share the goods, so why not click on over there to catch an all-new (and enjoyably \"dark\") poster from Sam Raimi‘s \"Spider-Man 3.\"Apparently this is no piece of marketing gimmickry; Spidey actually does wear a black suit at some point in his second sequel.Plotwise, we don’t have a whole lot of \"SM3\" info: \"The third installment in the saga of Peter Parker, put-upon photographer, and his quest to live up to the great responsibility that comes with his great power.\"We do, however, know that the inevitably huge hit will feature series regulars Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Elizabeth Banks, Dylan Baker, and JK Simmons. Newcomers include Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, James Cromwell, Theresa Russell, and Bryce Dallas Howard.…plus you just know that Stan Lee and Bruce Campbell will pop up somewhere.\"Spider-Man 3\" hits theaters on May 4th, 2007.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Fox, Globe, and, Paramount, Con, Discovery, golden, RT21, Music, Summer, trailers, 2019, dark, Arts","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"spiderman-gets-dark"},{"id":"47614722192520","title":"Early Reactions to \"Zodiac,\" \"Monster House,\" and \"Killshot\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Early Reactions to \"Zodiac,\" \"Monster House,\" and \"Killshot\"by Scott Weinberg | June 26, 2006 |  CommentsI won’t read ’em, for personal and professional reasons, but Dark Horizons has posted some early viewer reviews for movies like David Fincher‘s \"Zodiac,\" John Madden‘s \"Killshot,\" and Gil Kenan‘s \"Monster House.\"Click here for the catch-all Dark Horizons page. All test screening reviews come courtesy of AICN, as usual.\"Zodiac,\" starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Robert Downey Jr., and Mark Ruffalo, opens on January 19th (although it’ll probably have a \"limited, Oscar-qualifying\" run in late December.)\"Killshot,\" starring Diane Lane, Mickey Rourke, and Thomas Jane, opens on October 20th.\"Monster House,\" starring the voices of Steve Buscemi, Nick Cannon, and Maggie Gyllenhaal, opens on July 21st.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"superhero, scorecard, streaming, independent, Schmidt, 93rd","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"early-reactions-to-zodiac-monster-house-and-killshot"},{"id":"47612461339900","title":"RT on DVD: Bolt, Bond, and Watchmen: Tales of the Black Freighter","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT on DVD: Bolt, Bond, and Watchmen: Tales of the Black FreighterPlus, Kristen Stewart's indie drama The Cake Eaters, The Fast &amp; Furious Trilogy, and 400 Blows on Blu-rayby Jen Yamato | March 23, 2009 |  CommentsIt’s a good week for Watchmen fans, as the highly anticipated animated short Tales of the Black Freighter (and the faux-documentary Under the Hood) arrive on shelves. Animation fans should also check out Disney’s Certified Fresh adventure Bolt, which debuted on Blu-ray on Sunday but is available this week on DVD. Adrenaline junkies have a few titles to choose from, including the latest James Bond adventure (Quantum of Solace) and, in anticipation of the upcoming fourth film, The Fast &amp; the Furious trilogy set. Indie audiences should look for Kristen Stewart’s second star turn in two weeks, after last Saturday’s Twilight DVD debut (The Cake Eaters), while classic movie buffs have their own delights to consider (Criterion’s The 400 Blows on Blu-ray).Watchmen – Tales of the Black Freighter &amp; Under the Hood — N/AHot on the heels of the theatrical debut of Watchmen, Zack Snyder‘s epic tale about a band of former superheroes being hunted down in an alternate-1980s America, comes a supplementary DVD that will only further foment Watchmen-fever for those of you already enamored of the original Alan Moore graphic novel. Much like Snyder’s meticulously faithful big-screen adaptation, this DVD-only release (which combines an animated version of the meta-comic Tales of the Black Freighter and the faux-documentary Under the Hood) is a love song for established fans of the Watchmen world, though not so much for the uninitiated.Tales of the Black Freighter breathes life into the meta-story of the same name, which appeared as a comic-within-a-comic throughout Moore’s graphic novel but is only alluded to in Snyder’s theatrical version (look for Black Freighter to be woven into the story in a director’s cut of Watchmen). In it, a ship captain (voiced by Gerard Butler, who played Leonidas in Snyder’s 300) loses his crew to the Black Freighter, a pirate ship headed to his home town; spurred by a desire to save his family from the Black Freighter’s dastardly crew, the mariner makes his way home but struggles to retain his sanity. With a gloomy, anime-like style and a story adaptation by Snyder and writer Alex Tse, this short runs just under 30 minutes and, if slightly unsatisfactory on its own, is a nice supplement to the world of Watchmen.More intriguing for fans of the Watchmen film will be Under the Hood, a fake documentary posed as a “Where Are They Now?” retrospective, in which Carla Gugino (Silk Spectre), Jeffrey Dean Morgan (The Comedian), and Stephen McHattie (Nite Owl) reprise their all too-brief roles in Watchmen on the fictional “Culpeper Minute” show. It’s a nice way to see more of these supporting superheroes, who serve more peripheral roles in the feature film, and while some of it is lifted verbatim from the novel, much of it is improvised. Akin to Watchmen‘s great, nostalgic opening montage (Superhero History 101, from the Minute Men to the public scandals to the rise and fall of the Watchmen), Under the Hood fleshes out the great strengths of the Watchmen universe — the idea of an ironic superhero existence, extraordinary heroes who yet remain deeply, complexly flawed human beings.Next: Disney’s Oscar-nominated Bolt races to DVDBolt — 86%Disney’s Oscar-nominated tale about a canine actor trying to find his way home to Hollywood won over critics and audiences alike — and kids and adults alike — thanks to its sweet “a girl and her dog” sentiments and pop culture-savvy dialogue. The Certified Fresh release arrives on DVD (after hitting Blu-ray on Sunday) as one of the more satisfying family-entertainment titles of late, and, proving that Pixar doesn’t have a complete monopoly on the genre, drew kudos as one of the best animated flicks of 2008. Tween fans will be delighted to see lots of Miley Cyrus all over the DVD and Blu-ray bonus materials, as well as insightful making-of featurettes and behind-the-scenes glimpses; a feature dedicated to Rhino (Bolt’s hammy hamster sidekick) is a nice coda for the film’s biggest scene-stealer.Next: The Blonde Bond is back in Quantum of SolaceQuantum of Solace — 65%James Bond’s second outing after being reborn in 2006’s Casino Royale (94%) fell a few notches south of its predecessor, though critics agreed that it featured some of the most frenetic and brutal action sequences of the year. While Quantum of Solace might have better been titled “Emo James Bond” — he’s still moping over the loss of Vesper Lynd the entire time, and that happened an entire movie ago — 007 jet-sets from Italy to South America on the trail of a sinister eco-terrorist conglomerate while managing to have a martini (and a lady) along the way, in true Bond fashion. Pick up the 2-Disc DVD for supplemental materials like on location featurettes, segments on director Marc Forster and Bond girl Olga Kurylenko, and a music video for the worst Bond theme in recent memory, courtesy of Jack White and Alicia Keys.Next: 3 Fast 3 Furious, or The Fast &amp; The Furious TrilogyThe Fast &amp; The Furious Trilogy — N/ACatch up on all three previous films in The Fast &amp; the Furious franchise with Universal’s new trilogy pack, on Blu-ray and Limited Edition DVD sets this week. (Just in time for a refresher on where Vin Diesel and Paul Walker‘s torrid bromance will pick up in the fourth film, in theaters April 3!)Personally, we loved the original Fast &amp; the Furious (53%), in which undercover cop Brian O’Conner (Walker) befriends the street-racing criminal, Dominic Toretto (Diesel) — a saga of lies, friendship and brotherly love that could aptly be called “Point Break on Wheels.” The magic faded a bit when Brian relocated to Miami for John Singleton‘s Diesel-less sequel, 2 Fast 2 Furious (35% – Best. Title. Ever.), despite a hilarious turn by model-turned-singer-turned-actor Tyrese Gibson. But the franchise picked up again with the Justin Lin-helmed Fast &amp; Furious: Tokyo Drift (34%), in which troubled newcomer Sean Boswell (Lucas Black, AKA the kid from Sling Blade) moves to Japan only to become tangled up…with drifting yakuza!Tons of bonus materials accompany each film, for everyone from gear heads (“Tricking Out a Hot Import Car,” vehicle spotlights) to movie fans (storyboard comparisons and special effects features) to the conscientious (“Paul Walker Public Service Announcement”), and each film includes two new features apiece. Picture-in-Picture is enabled for Blu-ray viewers, although visually not all three films benefit from their High Def treatments.Next: Kristen Stewart stars in Mary Stuart Masterson’s The Cake EatersThe Cake Eaters — 82%Despite starring in the biggest teen movie event of last year — Summit Entertainment’s Twilight — Kristen Stewart has always been more of an indie actor than a mainstream starlet. (Take that, Vanessa Hudgens!) She shows her remarkable acting chops again in The Cake Eaters, an independent dramedy filmed two years ago that also marks the directorial debut of actress Mary Stuart Masterson (Fried Green Tomatoes). Stewart stars as Georgia, a teenager who suffers from a degenerative neurological disease and wants to live life as fully as she can — by falling in love with Beagle (Aaron Stanford), a local kid whose family and hers are intertwined. A director’s commentary, cast interviews, behind-the-scenes featurettes and deleted scenes accompany the disc (The Cake Eaters is still in limited release in select cities).Next: Did someone say, “Rob Schneider’s directorial debut?”Big Stan — N/AWhen the phrases “Rob Schneider’s directorial debut,” “David Carradine as martial arts mentor,” and “prison comedy” are bandied about in the same sentence, is there any question that a direct-to-video film is a must-see? Such is the case of Big Stan, a prison comedy featuring David Carradine as a martial arts mentor that also happens to be Rob Schneider‘s directorial debut. Schneider also stars (a double treat!) as Stan, a two-bit criminal who prepares for prison by learning from a martial arts master, only to find himself the big dog behind bars, torn between breaking out and leading his fellow inmates against an evil warden. M. Emmet Walsh, Randy Couture, and G4’s Olivia Munn also star in this direct-to-video pick of the week!Next: Anne Hathaway’s throwaway thriller, PassengersPassengers — 21%Anne Hathaway notched a minor blip on her career radar with this tepid thriller, which — in case you missed it, and you’re not alone — did actually come out in theaters last fall. (Her other October release, Rachel Getting Married, made a somewhat bigger splash.) Hathaway plays a psychologist counseling the five survivors of a terrible plane crash, one of whom (Watchmen‘s Patrick Wilson) she takes a romantic interest in. When her patients start disappearing, Hathaway starts suspecting something’s a little off…and that she might be better off in a Jonathan Demme character study.Next: Casting against type — Tom Arnold as a pedophile in the devastating Gardens of the NightGardens of the Night — 58%Hitting DVD shelves directly from the indie film circuit, Gardens of the Night explores extremely sensitive ground: the consequences of child kidnapping and sexual abuse, as seen through the eyes of two victimized teenagers. The difficult material is made compelling thanks to brave performances by young actors Gillian Jacobs and Evan Ross (the son of Diana Ross, who cut his showbiz teeth in ATL and Pride); a supporting cast led by, of all people, Tom Arnold (as a middle-aged pedophile), John Malkovich (as a case worker), and Harold Perrineau (of ABC’s Lost) makes for a compelling, if hard to watch, drama.Next: Criterion brings Truffaut’s The 400 Blows to Blu-rayThe 400 Blows — 100%Film critic-turned-director Francois Truffaut (who coined the phrase “auteur theory” before becoming one of its best examples) made his directorial debut with Les Quatre Cents Coup (The 400 Blows), a semi-autobiographical tale of a working-class Parisian boy with a problem with authority and a severe case of wanderlust. The tragicomic escapades of Antoine Doinel, played by the astounding Jean-Pierre Leaud, were modeled on Truffaut’s own childhood, which lent the picture an air of authenticity and rebellion — two markers of the French New wave to which it belongs. Criterion has released The 400 Blows before, but for this High Def re-issue they’ve given Truffaut’s film its best transfer yet; the black and white picture is alternately crisp and lush, exactly as good as you hope it will be. While there are unfortunately no new extras, the bonus menu (highlighted by archival interviews with Truffaut discussing the film, original trailers, and two audio commentaries, one of which is by Truffaut’s lifelong friend Robert Lachenay, upon whom Antoine’s best friend is modeled) offer a thorough experience nonetheless.Until next week, happy renting!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"blockbusters, camera, Action, Land, rom-coms, ID, robots, talk, Interview, laika, TCA, parents, FX","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"RT-on-DVD-Bolt-Bond-and-Watchmen-Tales-of-the-Black-Freighter"},{"id":"47508816164872","title":"John Wick Chapter 3 Director Chad Stahelski’s Five Favorite Action Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})John Wick Chapter 3 Director Chad Stahelski's Five Favorite Action FilmsThe former stuntman also explains why working with Keanu Reeves is so easy and reveals how to get a part in a John Wick movie.by Eric Alt | August 23, 2019 |  Comments(Photo by Isa Foltin/Getty Images)It really shouldn’t come as a surprise that director Chad Stahelski is so simpatico with John Wick star Keanu Reeves. After all, the former stuntman was literally Reeves’ double on The Matrix films, and the pair have turned this creative synergy into one of the most unlikely action franchise success stories of the last 20 years. Measured against the multi-film universes being built by Marvel Studios, John Wick was a relatively simple tale of a former hitman avenging his murdered puppy. But the strange underground world of assassins it introduced continues to grow and develop thorough two sequels, with more to come.After co-directing John Wick with Deadpool 2 director David Leitch, Stahelski took the reins himself on John Wick: Chapter 2 and the most recent John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum. The Wick films gained a huge following not just for the stylish world they built, but for the refreshing clarity of their action sequences. Rather than frantically cutting around, the camera pulls back and lets you see every carefully choreographed move and jaw-dropping action sequence. So the question is where does Stahelski go when he needs some inspiration? Although he claims to&nbsp; have “hundreds” of favorite action films, we asked him to narrow down the five that most influenced John Wick.Seven Samurai (Shichinin no Samurai) (1956)  100%Let’s go with Seven Samurai. I’m a huge Akira Kurosawa fan. You can tell that Parabellum is the closest thing to a western chanbara film—which is a Japanese slang term for a samurai/sword-fighting movie. John Wick is basically paying tribute to all the great samurai and spaghetti westerns out there. That’s where we get it.The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966)  97%Let’s support Sergio Leone, too. If you look at the composition and the editorial style of Seven Samurai and Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, obviously, Leone and Kurosawa are very close. Both in style and thematics.Bullitt (1968)  98%John Wick 1 was heavily influenced by Steve McQueen, by Bullitt. The Mustang and the turtleneck… Also, French Connection, that sort of thing. All those great ’70s films, they were a big part of John Wick 1.The Raid: Redemption (2012)  87%John Wick 2 was really influenced by Hong Kong and Asian films and John Wick 3 went even crazier and was heavily influenced by The Raid. Gareth [Evans’] stuff, it’s great.House of Flying Daggers (2004)  87%I love Zhang Yimou. I worked with him briefly when I was prepping a show for Legendary Films – I didn’t stay on that show, the timing didn’t work out, but I got to work several months with Zhang Yimou which was great. His use of colors, that’s what we used in John Wick. My cinematographer Dan Laustsen and I were very influenced by the artistic way he used color, because Zhang Yimou is also a photographer and amazing artist. It’s funny; when asked what my influences in action are, I usually choose them based not on the actual action choreography. It’s the vibe, the thematics of the action. Or how it’s shot and composed. That’s very important to me.Eric Alt&nbsp;for Rotten Tomatoes: As you continue to push the John Wick world further, do you ever think about stunts or sequences that are just too over the top?Chad Stahelski: Honestly, the answer is yes, all the time. The amount of ideas that pile on in the beginning of prep — hundreds of different stunts and fights. They say the hardest thing to do is take a blank piece of paper and make something out of it, and that’s what we do every time. It’s easiest when I can say, “He’s a military guy who can only do Krav Maga.” Gun-fu just didn’t exist. We have to make that s— up. You don’t often see sword fights on motorcycles — you have to make that s— up. Or you have to take something you’ve seen a million times and turn it on its head — that’s how we choreograph.RT: Where are the boundaries?Stahelski: The boundaries are just a gut instinct, to be honest. I’m very opinionated on everything from film to color to music. Apart from that, I’ve just been incredibly lucky that the things I like, people also think are cool and want to see. I’m happy to go to extremes — I’m happy to run horses down Brooklyn, I’m happy to do motorcycle ninja fights, so long as its done in a way I feel fits this world. The great thing about the John Wick world is that, between Keanu and I, we are the world. If we’re creating the world as well as the action, we feel we can do no wrong. It’ll fit.RT:&nbsp;Having a stunt background yourself, you must feel pretty protective of the action sequences.Stahelski: You watch [Steven] Spielberg or you watch [Christopher] Nolan or you watch James Mangold or [David] Fincher — they control the tone in every shot. A director directs. They direct everything. He should have an opinion on everything. If I was a second unit guy coming in where the director didn’t care about the world and the cinematographer didn’t care, that’s when things get really disjointed. It’s why so many times in film you can see the tone changing throughout the movie — I feel like the filmmaker hasn’t made a commitment. The Wachowskis were not kung fu experts before The Matrix; they spent a year of their lives studying [Yuen] Woo Ping and meeting with him and watching every kung fu movie out there and diagramming and breaking down choreography and going to every stunt rehearsal to figure out what made it tick.RT: Is it difficult to get new actors onboard with the way Wick films work?Stahelski: Well, we have a little street cred now, so… Like, we’re doing John Wick 4 and anybody who wants to get together and meet or chat… If someone’s a fan of the show, I’d love to meet them. And that’s how I met Halle [Berry] and Mark Dacascos. All these guys. They liked John Wick 2 and they lobbied to have a cup of coffee and meet and talk. They were aware that I shoot the way I do, that it would require a different kind of training — not just learning moves, but becoming an actual martial arts performer, a stunt performer. If you have the heart and you have the interest and you have the mental fortitude to do it, we put them through the training.RT:&nbsp;So Halle Berry just said, “I want to be in John Wick 3?”Stahelski: Yeah, Halle actually lobbied me. I had never met Halle before, and we started prepping John Wick 3. She contacted my agent, showed up at my office, and was like, “Hi, I’m Halle Berry, and I want a job on your show.” She literally said that, and I was like, “We don’t have a script yet!” She said, “Whatever. When you get one, I’m in it.” When you have that kind of desire… She jumped into the training. I mean, the training is not easy for a 25-year-old; when you’re talking Keanu and Halle and myself, we’re all, let’s just say, north of 40. The commitment you have to have is a different level. I mean, Keanu is in great shape, and Halle came to us already in great shape, but to go through the training and the martial arts and the gunfighting. That sounds fun, but it’s arduous after five months. And Halle pulled muscles, she broke a toe, she injured her ribs — I can’t tell you how many times she got bumped in the head or twisted a wrist or sprained her ankle, and just kept coming back. When you do it with that intent and that desire you get a very special product.RT: Keanu Reeves is becoming the new Bill Murray, where everyone seems to have a whimsical story about encountering him. Do you have a go-to Keanu story?Stahelski: I’ve known him for 22 years; I probably have a thousand. I just know that every time I turn around on set — he never leaves set, he’s always there — he gives me a smile or a nod. He’s very aware, both self-aware and aware of the environment on set, all the drama and the problems and issues, and it’s always nice to look over your shoulder and see him smiling back and giving me the nod like, “Ain’t giving up today, are you?” “Nope.”He’s a solid, solid, solid creative partner. I don’t know what I’d do without him. When you’re galloping down Brooklyn under an elevated train at 35 mph on a horse and your actor’s got to hang off the side of a saddle and shoot a guy — I don’t know if you know, but if you fall off a horse at 35 mph, that’s not a good thing. You rehearse it, but when it’s time to actually do it, you look him in the eye and you go, “You good?” And Keanu, in true cowboy fashion, goes, “Yup.” Sometimes you have to hang yourself out there a bit to get those special moments, and to have a guy like that who is calm, cool, and collected… We all have fears, no one wants to get hurt, we’re all nervous. But to hold his s— together and give you that nod, it just makes you very proud to work with that guy.John Wick: Chapter 3 – Parabellum&nbsp;arrives on digital&nbsp;August 23 and on DVD and Blu-ray on September 10.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Election, History, shows, series","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/23114901/Chad_Stahelski_FFF_Rep.jpg","slug":"john-wick-chapter-3-director-chad-stahelskis-five-favorite-action-films"},{"id":"47509019951975","title":"Video: What’s Streaming With Flaked Stars Will Arnett and Ruth Kearney","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: What's Streaming With Flaked Stars Will Arnett and Ruth Kearneyby Debbie Day | June 1, 2017 |  CommentsAs Flaked begins its second season on Netflix, the comedy series’ stars Will Arnett and Ruth Kearney reveal what they’re watching on the streaming giant: Narcos, House of Cards, and more.Flaked&nbsp;season 2 premieres&nbsp;Friday, June 2&nbsp;on Netflix&nbsp;","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"20th, rotten, National, TIFF, and, Dates, Netflix, Women's, A24, Fall, Mary, stoner, Western","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/01095738/RT_Flaked_YT-600x314.jpg","slug":"video-what-flaked-stars-will-arnett-ruth-kearney-watch-on-netflix"},{"id":"47508696301494","title":"The Comic Book Origins of Gotham Villain Solomon Grundy","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Comic Book Origins of Gotham Villain Solomon GrundyThe latest monster to take up residence in Gotham City is familiar to fans already.by Erik Amaya | October 19, 2017 |  CommentsAs fans of Gotham&nbsp;know, faithful underling Butch Gilzean (Drew Powell) was living under an assumed name. After being shot by Barbara Kean&nbsp;(Erin Richards) last season, eagle-eyed viewers learned the truth about good old Butch: his real name is Cyrus Gold – better known to DC Comics readers as zombie-style villain Solomon Grundy.And as Butch prepares to make his return as Grundy in this week’s episode of Gotham, “A Dark Knight: The Blade’s Path,” let’s take a look back at some of Grundy’s exploits in comic books. While Gotham might be his most high profile appearance, he has a long history in both mediums.Born on a Monday(Photo by DC Comics)Grundy has been part of the DC Universe for a very long time. Created by sci-fi legend Alfred Bester and artist Paul Reinman in October 1944’s All-American Comics #61, Grundy first appeared as an adversary of Alan Scott, the Golden Age Green Lantern. He began as a 19th century merchant named Cyrus Gold. In 1894, his dubious dealings caught up with him and he was left for dead in an area near Gotham City called Slaughter Swamp. Reanimated after 50 years, the part man/part swamp creature had few memories of his other life. One of the few things he could recall was that he was born on a Monday. Recognizing the phrase from an English nursery rhyme, a group of transients dubbed him Solomon Grundy. He took to it immediately.He quickly turns to a life a crime, attracting the attention of Scott, who operated in Gotham during the 1940s as Green Lantern. Grundy proved to be a tough opponent as his body was mainly composed of wood – a substance immune to Scott’s mystical version of the Green Lantern power. He eventually got the upper hand by throwing Grundy under an oncoming train, but not before Grundy murdered several people.The brute was brought back to life sometime later with a chlorophyll serum and set loose by a mysterious professor. Imprisoned after a rematch with Green Lantern, Grundy eventually broke loose and wrecked the Justice Society of America headquarters in hopes of finding his nemesis. This time, it took the aid of Hawkman and Dr. Mid-Nite to take him down. Scott left Grundy on the Moon, but he soon found a way to return to the Earth, assume a new identity, and continue his private war with Scott and the JSA.Grundy eventually became an ally of Scott’s daughter, the hero known as Jade, and her second-generation team Infinity Inc. But his affection for her was manipulated by the original Harlequin (no relation to Harley Quinn at all) in Infinity Inc #55; leading to a series of tragic events and the dissolution of the team. Jade and Scott fought with the monster again after the team disbanded, turning him into petrified wood in the process.In the Legion of Doom(Photo by Cartoon Network)To a generation of kids, Grundy is best recalled as a member of the Legion of Doom on ABC Television’s Challenge of the Superfriends. Depicted in with his classic broad shoulder and rotting coat, he was also a smarter version of Grundy; capable of talking to his fellow villains and orchestrating schemes on his own. Unlike his comic book counterpart at the time – a perennial antagonist for the Justice Society – this Grundy was an on-going adversary of the Justice League.His presence was so striking that producers of shows like Justice League Unlimited, The Batman and Batman: The Brave and the Bold would include him as a special guest character. Though, his abilities, intellect, relative menace and size would vary as required by the story.A Friend Indeed(Photo by DC Comics)After breaking free of his petrified prison, befriending Two-Face and fighting Batman, Grundy moved from Gotham to the sewers of Opal City. In 1995’s Starman (Vol. 2) #10, the city’s hero, Jack Knight, discovered Grundy had changed into a thinner, childlike version of his former self. Befriending him and nicknaming him “Solly.” Jack introduced this gentle version of Grundy into his odd family of previous Starmen, including his father Ted – a contemporary of Alan Scott – and the alien Starman Mikaal Tomas (imagine a Bowie-esque superhero fallen on hard times). Solly and Mikaal formed a particular bond as pale-skinned outsiders. But their attempts to integrate into Opal City society were cut short when a building collapsed on them. Solly sacrificed his life to save Mikaal despite knowing death would turn him back into Grundy. In Starman #34, Jack enlisted the help of Alan Scott, Batman and another plant-based villain named The Floronic Man to ensure the Solly persona would regenerate, but sadly, the brutish Grundy returned once more.In a somewhat hopeful postscript, Grundy took a bullet for Mikaal in Starman #49, but claimed he had no idea why he did it.From then on, the character would re-emerge every so often to battle various heroes like Batman, Superman and Green Lantern. Each time, his appearance and intelligence varied; suggesting a number of resurrections since his time as Solly.Echoes on The CW(Photo by Cate Cameron/The CW)Thanks to Grundy’s storied history, Drew Powell is not the first person to play him in live action. Mickey Morton first took up the role in the infamous 1979 television special Legend of the Superheroes. The makeup effect was surprisingly accurate, but the less said about that, um, roast of the DC Comics characters, the better. John DeSantis would play him for a brief moment in an episode of Smallville, but Grundy – or at least Cyrus Gold – was also a recurring character in the so-called Berlantiverse on The CW.In the second season of Arrow, Graham Shiels was introduced as “Brother Gold,” a member of Brother Blood’s (Kevin Alejandro) cult and the lone survivor of experiments with the Mirakuru drug. Receiving some enhanced strength and regenerative abilities, Gold helped Blood steal equipment from Queen Consolidated, which would allow the Mirakuru to be produced on a mass scale. Oliver (Stephen Amell) eventually defeated him by causing an acid-filled machine to explode. A subsequent search of Gold’s home revealed a book of poems featuring the “Solomon Grundy” rhyme.Arrow never followed up on the ideas, presumably as Gotham’s development prevented the series from using several characters tied to the Batman mythos. But as previously lost characters like Deathstroke (Manu Bennett) return to Arrow, perhaps, someday, a Berlantiverse hero will learn about a swamp monster who was “born on a Monday.”Took Ill on ThursdayIn hindsight, the connections between Butch and Grundy should have been obvious. And while it’s doubtful creator Bruno Heller always meant for Butch to become Grundy, the character’s life lines up with Grundy in surprising ways.For one, his loyalty and tendency to latch onto others recalls the Grundy of Starman and Infinity Inc. In fact, his loyalty to Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett Smith) was so unwavering, Victor Zsasz (Anthony Carrigan) brainwashed him into working for Penguin (Robin Lord Taylor). During that time, his loyalty to Penguin was total and complete. He eventually escaped Penguin’s control, but soon found someone to shower his sense of loyalty upon: Tabitha Galavan (Jessica Lucas); and despite finally obtaining a gang of his own (shades of the Superfriends Grundy), he still felt left out when Penguin and the Riddler plot Gotham City’s future.Whew! Thanks for watching Y’all! Welcome to the world big fella… #Grundy #Gotham pic.twitter.com/TeLrsEEzK8— Drew Powell (@thedrewpowell) October 20, 2017But it all comes to naught as Barbara Kean shoots him in the face and an overcrowded hospital dumps him into Slaughter Swamp.Now here’s where it will get interesting. Like so many of Grundy’s lives, will Butch forget all of the people he lost along the way? Will he come to Gotham with an unspecified rage whenever he spots a photo of Penguin? Will he attempt to rebuild his loyalty to Tabitha? Or will Barbara manage to put one over on him, like Harlequin did in the pages of Infinity Inc?It also remains to be seen if Butch will be a plant-matter zombie. Gotham has managed to power down some of the more fantastical DC Comics characters while retaining a surprising amount of their look and appeal. But a literal zombie is more than the show has attempted. At the same time, the program is going full Lazarus Pit for Ra’s Al Ghul (Alexander Siddig) – suggesting he is at least 2,000 years old – so maybe some of those waters will give Gundy a means of becoming unstoppable.Or, perhaps, Grundy will just inherit Butch’s knack for surviving terrible things. Although, he might be happy to have his hand grow back.Gotham airs Thursdays at 8/7C on Fox.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"YouTube, Yoda, boxing","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/19181741/gotham-screencap-season4-ep5-trailer-600x314.jpg","slug":"the-comic-book-origins-of-gotham-villain-solomon-grundy"},{"id":"47509026936739","title":"Video: When the Rules Don’t Apply (And When They Do)","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: When the Rules Don't Apply (And When They Do)by Grae Drake | November 23, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to Warren Beatty, Annette Bening, Matthew Broderick, Alden Ehrenreich, and Lily Collins from&nbsp;&nbsp;Rules Don’t Apply&nbsp;about whether or not the “rules” we’ve all been told actually apply to them. Then Brett Ratner and Chris Tucker dropped by for a surprise visit, because they just make every interview better!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"chucky, ABC, cars, star","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/23110645/Warren-Beatty-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-when-the-rules-dont-apply-and-when-they-do"},{"id":"47508670885579","title":"10 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This December","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})10 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This Decemberby RT Staff | December 1, 2015 |  CommentsIt’s the most wonderful time of the year! Dark skies by 4:00 p.m., temperatures below 30 degrees, and — best of all — crazed shoppers at every turn. Fortunately, there is no shortage of quality television to watch over the holidays, so to&nbsp;go with your December shopping list, Rotten Tomatoes has prepared your December bingeing list — a mix of new shows, returning shows, and what’s fresh on DVD and Blu-ray — some naughty, some&nbsp;nice!Marvel's Jessica Jones: Season 1 (2015)  94%What it is: The most recent addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe is Jessica Jones, about&nbsp;a broken superhero (Krysten Ritter) who&nbsp;runs her own P.I. business. Battling&nbsp;PTSD,&nbsp;our anti-hero finds herself struggling to defeat Kilgrave (David Tennant), a super-villain&nbsp;who has inflicted unconscionable harm upon countless innocents.Why you should watch it: Marvel’s&nbsp;Jessica Jones is a dark, psychologically complex, and thoughtful meditation on what it means to be a hero. It is also engrossing, action-packed, compassionate, and visceral. Jones is binge-worthy for a number&nbsp;of reasons, but what elevates this well-executed comic adaptation is having a powerful female centered alliance at its core.Where to watch:&nbsp;NetflixCommitment:&nbsp;About 11&nbsp;hours.Transparent: Season 1 (2014)  98%What it is: Jeffrey Tambor plays a father who wants to live his life as a woman and needs to tell his adult children.Why you should watch it: Tambor’s turn as Maura is award-worthy, but what is most surprising is how it’s just one facet of this family dramedy. All the members of the Pfefferman clan are struggling with their own demons and each storyline is full and fascinating to follow. It’s a study of faith, family, and dysfunction that is well worth the day or two it takes to binge-watch it.Where to watch: The complete first season is streaming on&nbsp;Amazon Prime&nbsp;now, with season two scheduled to drop on Dec. 11.Commitment:&nbsp;10 hours for both seasons.Fear the Walking Dead: Season 1 (2015)  76%What it is:&nbsp;A prequel to the AMC hit The Walking Dead, Fear the Walking Dead begins in Los Angeles at the dawn of the zombie outbreak&nbsp;as the government employs survival tactics that fuel the apocalyptic fire.Why you should watch it: Even though&nbsp;fans know what’s coming, somehow the prequel is even scarier than The Walking Dead. All of the shortcomings of the human race — fear, abuse of power, false trust — become factors in the death of society, as one already-dysfunctional family must stick together to survive. It’s not just zombies they must battle, though, but also the failing system that was designed to protect them.Where to watch:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, iTunes, Playstation Video, Vudu, and Xfinity (with subscription). Season one is also available on DVD and Blu-ray.Commitment:&nbsp;Five hours.It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: Season 10 (2015)  100%What it is: A group of five slacker friends — known collectively as “The Gang” — run an Irish pub in South Philadelphia and get into all sorts of predicaments because they lack both common sense and social graces.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Sunny isn’t a sitcom for everyone; its characters are self-centered, misanthropic, and frequently obnoxious. That said, their resilience in the face of countless defeats is strangely endearing, and their adventures are so outrageous and hilarious that it’s almost therapeutic to watch them scramble through each half hour. With season 11 set to premiere in early January, now’s the perfect time to catch up with the Gang’s insane antics.Where to watch: The first nine seasons are available to stream on subscription services Amazon Prime, Hulu,&nbsp;and Netflix, and you can rent or purchase episodes from all 10 seasons on Google Play, iTunes, PlayStation Video,&nbsp;Vudu, and Xbox&nbsp;Video.Commitment:About 42 hours.Luther: Season 1 (2010)  91%What it is: This BBC drama follows a brilliant Detective Chief Inspector (Idris Elba) who finds it difficult to strike a work-life balance as he struggles to toe the line between genius and madness.Why you should watch it: Elba won a Golden Globe for his performance as DCI Luther, a sexy cross between Sherlock Holmes and Columbo, in this gritty character study that adds a new dimension to the cop show genre. Plus, fans of The Affair will enjoy Ruth Wilson in her role as the seductive serial killer Alice Morgan. Catch up in time for season four, which starts on Dec. 17.Where to watch: Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, Netflix, PlayStation Video, Vudu,&nbsp;and&nbsp;Xbox Video.&nbsp;The first three seasons are also available on DVD.Commitment:&nbsp;16 hours.Mozart in the Jungle: Season 1 (2014)  91%What it is:&nbsp;Based on Blair Tindal’s tell-all book, Mozart in the Jungle: Sex, Drugs, and Classical Music, this&nbsp;lighthearted comedy from Amazon Studios shows the inner workings of the contemporary fictitious New York Symphony, led by a young upstart conductor (Gael García Bernal).Why you should watch it:&nbsp;What makes Roman Coppola’s&nbsp;adaptation of&nbsp;Mozart such a spritely&nbsp;binge is&nbsp;the commanding and hilarious performance by&nbsp;Bernal as Rodrigo (based on the Los Angeles Philharmonic conductor&nbsp;Gustavo Dudamel), along with memorable turns by Bernadette Peters as the elegant Symphony manager, Lola Kirke as the oboe-playing&nbsp;ingénue, and Malcolm McDowell as the ousted old-guard maestro.Where to watch:&nbsp;Season one is currently streaming on Amazon Prime. Season two premieres Dec. 30.Commitment:&nbsp;Five hours.Hannibal: Season 3 (2015)  98%What it is: Criminal profiler Will Graham (Hugh Dancy) assists the FBI in apprehending serial killers, but as the job begins to eat away at his mental health, he starts meeting with therapist Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), a cannibal who murders rude people and serves them at fancy dinner parties.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;The third (and likely&nbsp;final) season&nbsp;of the critically acclaimed show comes to Blu-ray December 8. There really isn’t anything quite like Hannibal; it’s a crime procedural and a psychological thriller, filled with horror and just the right dash of romance and comedy.Where to watch:&nbsp;Amazon Prime, iTunes,&nbsp;Vudu, and on DVD/Blu-ray.Commitment:&nbsp;27.5 hours.Shameless: Season 5 (2015)  92%What it is: Based on the award-winning BBC series of the same name, Showtime’s hit dramedy&nbsp;stars Oscar winner William H. Macy&nbsp;and tells the story of the scrappy Gallagher kids as they struggle to keep body and soul together despite the constant burden of a dysfunctional alcoholic father.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Shameless features a great cast, including a stellar Emmy-award winning performance by the ever-adorable Joan Cusack. Holidays have always been a time for dysfunctional family fun, and nobody does it better than the Gallaghers. Shameless comes back for a sixth season on&nbsp;Jan. 10 so now is the perfect time to binge.Where to watch: Amazon, Google Play, iTunes, PlayStation Video, Showtime Anytime (with cable subscription), Vudu, Xbox&nbsp;Video, and Xfinity (with cable subscription).Commitment:&nbsp;60 hours.Defiance: Season 3 (2015)  80%What it is: In this western-sci-fi mash-up, humans, aliens, and hybrids all fight for their rights and acceptance, while a human lawkeeper bonds with his adopted Votan (alien) daughter in 2046 Defiance (formerly St. Louis, MO).Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Defiance’s backstory is wonderfully complex and reads like a lesson in mythology. The humor is addictive and the scenery and creature designs&nbsp;are breathtaking. The show’s inter-species tension is a clear commentary on cultural struggles, but not presented as a lecture on contemporary acceptance. Rather, it throws intense action, soapy character interaction, and some sexy stuff at you. And Grant Bowler (Nolan) is still one hot leading man.Where to watch: All three seasons are available on&nbsp;Amazon Prime,&nbsp;Google Play, iTunes, Playstation Video, and Vudu. Season three hits&nbsp;DVD/Blu-ray&nbsp;on Dec. 22.Commitment:&nbsp;26 hours.Downton Abbey: Season 1 (2010)  95%What it is: The residents and domestic staff of a grand English country estate deal with household intrigue and societal upheaval in the first decades of the 20th Century.Why you should watch it: With its lavish setting and British accents, this&nbsp;might look like your typical PBS prestige show at first glance. But Downton Abbey gives equal dramatic weight to the household staff and the Crawley family. Indeed, what makes the show so compulsively watchable is its richly nuanced characters, each of whom are bound by societal conventions but occasionally finds a way to expand their limits.Where to watch: Seasons one through five&nbsp;are available on Amazon, Google Play, iTunes,&nbsp;Vudu, and&nbsp;Xbox Video, as well as DVD/Blu-ray. The sixth and final season premieres on PBS on Jan. 3.Commitment:&nbsp;43 hours.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"cancelled, Countdown, Chernobyl, VOD, History","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/30223303/Jessica-Jones-6001.jpg","slug":"10-tv-shows-you-should-binge-watch-this-december"},{"id":"47614133281660","title":"Keanu & Zeta to Head Lyne’s Lana Turner Tale","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Keanu &amp; Zeta to Head Lyne's Lana Turner Taleby Scott Weinberg | August 25, 2005 |  CommentsCatherine Zeta-Jones and Keanu Reeves are in talks to star in Adrian Lyne‘s as-yet-untitled biopic about the love affair between movie star Lana Turner and mob affiliate Johnny Stompanato … at least that’s what Variety is telling us.WB hopes to get the project rolling early next year, contingent upon the actors’ availability.For those perhaps unfamiliar with the tale of Turner and Stompy, here’s the scoop: The \"drama chronicles the infamous Hollywood courtship between Johnny Stomp, a bodyguard and bagman for gangster Mickey Cohen, and movie star Turner. Their relationship ended when Turner’s daughter, Cheryl Crane, stabbed Stompanato to death on April 4, 1958, in what was ruled justifiable homicide.\"Director Adrian Lyne is best known for films like \"Unfaithful,\" \"Fatal Attraction,\" \"Flashdance,\" \"9 1/2 Weeks,\" \"Indecent Proposal,\" and \"Jacob’s Ladder.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Tumblr","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"keanu-zeta-to-head-lynes-lana-turner-tale"},{"id":"47508640538039","title":"The 24 Most Romantic Movie Kisses (Even If You Think Valentine’s Day is Stupid)","content":"24 Framesgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})The 24 Most Romantic Movie Kisses (Even If You Think Valentine's Day is Stupid)by RT Staff | February 2, 2016 |  CommentsIs this a kissing gallery? Yes, young Tomatoreader, this is our tribute to Valentine’s Day, and it’s something you should see all the way through even if you hate the holiday. You see, this is no average smooching gallery. This week’s 24 Frames looks at the most passionate, most pure, most inconceivably romantic mouth meetings from all-time movie history.Cary Elwes and Robin Wright in The Princess Bride (1987)Michelle Pfeiffer and Al Pacino in Frankie and Johnny (1991)Scarlett Johannson and Jonathan Rhys Meyers in Match Point (2005)Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan in You’ve Got Mail (1998)Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio in Romeo + Juliet (1996)Molly Ringwald and Michael Schoeffling in Sixteen Candles (1984)Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze in Ghost (1990)Ryan Goslin and Rachel McAdams in The Notebook (2004)Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet in Titanic (1997)Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally (1989)Natalie Portman and Hayden Christensen in Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones (2002)Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst in Spider-Man (2002)Heath Ledger and Jaky Gyllenhaal in Brokeback Mountain (2005)Michael Vartan and Drew Barrymore in Never Been Kissed (1999)Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing (1987)Helen Shaver and Patricia Charbonneau in Desert Hearts (1985)Carey Mulligan and Ryan Gosling in Drive (2011)Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman in Notorious (1946)Chloe Sevigny and Hilary Swank in Boys Don’t Cry (1999)Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan in Step Up (2006)Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr in From Here to Eternity (1953)Omar Epps and Sanaa Lathan in Love &amp; Basketball (2000)Kerry Washington and Jamie Foxx in Django Unchained (2012)Christina Ricci and Devon Sawa in Casper (1995)","section":"24 Frames","tags":"Marvel, Month, period, Starz, IFC, Hear, media, cars","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/29171408/600TheNotebook.jpg","slug":"the-24-most-romantic-movie-kisses-even-if-you-think-valentines-day-is-stupid"},{"id":"47509044786255","title":"Video: Sofia Vergara, Reese Witherspoon, and Handcuffs","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Sofia Vergara, Reese Witherspoon, and Handcuffsby Grae Drake | May 7, 2015 |  CommentsGrae Drake talks to Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara from Hot Pursuit about being handcuffed together, and who enjoyed it more. Also, director Anne Fletcher weighs in on who she would like to spend time shackled to.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"transformers, ESPN, TV, medical, prank, History, Plus","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/SOFIA-VERGARA-REESE-WITHERSPOON-AND-HANDCUFFS.jpg","slug":"video-sofia-vergara-reese-witherspoon-and-handcuffs"},{"id":"47613673920174","title":"Check Out an Adorable \"Charlotte’s Web\" Photo Album","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Check Out an Adorable \"Charlotte's Web\" Photo Albumby Scott Weinberg | September 27, 2006 |  CommentsBy now we’re all well aware that a live-action rendition of the classic novel (and cartoon) \"Charlotte’s Web\" is in the works. And now we have a bunch of pics to prove it.The photos can be seen at IGN FilmForce. (Click here.)Synopsis: \"Fern (Dakota Fanning) is one of only two living beings who sees that Wilbur is a special animal as she raises him, the runt of the litter, into a terrific and radiant pig. As Wilbur moves into a new barn, he begins a second profound friendship with the most unlikely of creatures – a spider named Charlotte – and their bond inspires the animals around them to come together as a family. When the word gets out that Wilbur’s days are numbered, it seems that only a miracle will save his life. A determined Charlotte – who sees miracles in the ordinary – spins words into her web in an effort to convince the farmer that Wilbur is “some pig” and worth saving.\"Voice cast: Julia Roberts, Robert Redford, John Cleese, Oprah Winfrey, Steve Buscemi, Kathy Bates, Thomas Haden Church, Jennifer Garner, and a whole bunch more.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Walt, Central, streaming, lee, venice, ITV, Adventures, marvel, cats, Sabrina, indiana, festival, hidden","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"check-out-an-adorable-charlottes-web-photo-album"},{"id":"47509180968249","title":"Samuel L. Jackson and Cobie Smulders to Appear in Spider-Man: Far From Home, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Samuel L. Jackson and Cobie Smulders to Appear in Spider-Man: Far From Home, and More Movie NewsThe Academy unveils new Oscar plans; solo movies for Supergirl, Black Cat, Silver Sable, and Jackpot; and new roles for Jessica Chastain, Eddie Redmayne, Tessa Thompson, and Ruth Negga.by Greg Dean Schmitz | August 10, 2018 |  CommentsToday’s Ketchup brings you ten headlines from the world of film development news, covering titles such as Birds of Prey, Black Cat, Supergirl, and Spider-Man: Far From Home.This WEEK’S TOP STORYSAMUEL L. JACKSON, COBIE SMULDERS JOIN&nbsp;SPIDER-MAN: FAR FROM HOME(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)We obviously don’t want to get into too many details here for people who&nbsp;still haven’t seen this year’s $2+ billion #1 box office champion, Avengers: Infinity War. If you did see the movie, you might recall that the final scenes were controversial and possibly bewildering for fans not familiar with a) how Infinity War was resolved in the comics or b) what Marvel Studios has planned for 2019. Having said all that, if you if you sat through the credits of Infinity War, you saw Nick Fury calling for assistance from Captain Marvel (3/8/2019), and with that in mind, Samuel L. Jackson and his post-credits co-star Cobie Smulders are both returning for&nbsp;Spider-Man: Far From Home, the sequel due out on July 5,2019. Marvel and Sony are mostly doing a good job of not giving away the entire premise, except that we do know that Jake Gyllenhaal is playing the film’s villain, Mysterio, and that Far From Home might have more than one meaning&nbsp;for Tom Holland’s Spider-Man. What do you think Nick Fury and Maria Hill appearing in Spider-Man: Far From Home means for Avengers 4, Spider-Man: Far From Home, and what actually happened in Avengers: Infinity War?Fresh Developments1.&nbsp;JESSICA CHASTAIN AND EDDIE REDMAYNE TO STAR IN THE GOOD NURSE(Photo by Kristin Callahan, JA/Everett Collection)Although some “middle ground” genres like rom-coms and mid-budget dramas are slowly fading away from the big screen (going instead to Netflix and cable TV), movies based on true stories do still continue to get produced. This is partly because&nbsp;they’re frequently considered to be “awards friendly.” Eddie Redmayne (Academy Award Best Actor winner for The Theory of Everything) and&nbsp; Jessica Chastain (nominated twice for The Help and Zero Dark Thirty) are both among the most recognized of today’s actors, and they are now teaming up for a true story thriller called The Good Nurse. Adapted from a book by Charles Graeber, The Good Nurse will tell the story of Charlie Cullen, a New Jersey nurse who used his occupation to carry out the murders of an estimated 300 to 400 patients from 1988 to 2003. Redmayne will play Cullen, and Chastain will play a fellow nurse “whose dogged pursuit helped end the killing spree.” Danish screenwriter-director Tobias Lindholm (A War; co-writer of The Hunt) will make his English-language debut with The Good Nurse.2. TESSA THOMPSON AND RUTH NEGGA TO STAR IN 1920S NOVEL ADAPTATION PASSING(Photo by Derek Storm, Dee Cercone/Everett Collection)After being a critical darling in 2016 with the newswoman suicide biopic Christine (88% Certified Fresh), British actress Rebecca Hall had another big year in 2017 with another biopic, Professor Marston and the Wonder Women (Certified Fresh at 87%). Hall, whose&nbsp;maternal grandfather is of African-American and Sioux descent, is now preparing to make her directorial debut with an adaptation of the Nella Larsen novel Passing, which takes it title from the practice of “passing,” in which a person of one racial background is able to “pass” as a member of another racial group. Tessa Thompson (Creed, Thor: Ragnarok,&nbsp;Westworld) and Ruth Negga (Loving, TV’s Preacher) will star in Passing as two high school friends who reunite in the 1920s of the Harlem Renaissance, as they discover how&nbsp;much their lives have&nbsp;diverged since. Published in 1929, author Larsen’s novel is considered a key work in the Harlem Renaissance movement.3. MARVEL HEROINES BLACK CAT, SILVER SABLE, AND JACKPOT ALL GETTING SOLO MOVIESUntil recently, Sony Pictures had been planning to follow up Venom (10/5/18) with Silver &amp; Black, a Marvel Comics adaptation uniting the Spider-Man supporting characters Black Cat and Silver Sable. Silver &amp; Black had been scheduled for February 8th, 2019 until the start date of filming, which had been scheduled for early 2018, was cancelled (Sony also never announced their two female stars). It turns out that Sony decided&nbsp;to give both Black Cat and Silver Sable their own movies instead, as solo movies for both are now in development. Black Cat and Silver Sable now individually join a growing Marvel Comics development slate at Sony Pictures that also includes Morbius the Living Vampire (starring Jared Leto), Kraven the Hunter, Nightwatch, and Silk (as well as Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and Spider-Man: Far From Home). Sony’s big screen plans for Silk, Black Cat, and Silver Sable are also now being joined by Jackpot, a more obscure character (who is actually two characters). Sony now needs to figure out how to distinguish Black Cat from Catwoman, and exactly what sort of movie Silver Sable can be (and whether there’s an avid audience for either). In related news, Sony Pictures is also reportedly now open to seeing more of “their” Marvel characters included in Marvel Studios’ MCU (like&nbsp;Spider-Man).4. THE SUPERGIRL MOVIE: ANOTHER SIGN OF DC’S SHIFT IN TONEThese sort of corporate shifts don’t happen overnight, but Warner Bros. is clearly moving their DC Comics adaptations away from being so “grimdark.” Aquaman (12/21/2018),&nbsp;Shazam! (from WB subsidiary New Line Cinema, 4/5/2019), and Wonder Woman 1984 (11/1/2019) all&nbsp;seem clearly aimed at delivering superhero fun&nbsp;akin to&nbsp;Marvel Studios fare. We’ll obviously still get DC Comics movies that are maybe a little darker (like the Joker solo movie), but the new movies being put into development lately seem more like Supergirl. The CW has had success with their Supergirl TV series (after rescuing it from CBS), and now&nbsp;she’s&nbsp;getting her second chance at a movie after being a huge flop in the 1980s. Supergirl has such promise that we’re willing to overlook that screenwriter Oren Uziel only has one Fresh score (22 Jump Street), versus Shimmer Lake (56%), The Cloverfield Paradox (17%), and 2015’s Freaks of Nature, which wasn’t even seen by enough critics to get a Tomatometer score (all four critics who did review it marked it Rotten). Along with Batgirl, Supergirl might also signal that Warner Bros might adapt other female DC Comics superheroes.5.&nbsp;PARKS AND RECREATION FAN FAVORITE TO VOICE SONIC THE HEDGEHOG(Photo by Priscilla Grant/Everett Collection)In hindsight, the obvious breakout star of NBC’s Parks and Recreation was Chris Pratt (though the whole cast is full of stars-to-be like Aubrey Plaza, Aziz Ansari, and Nick Offerman). Another fan-favorite character on was Jean-Ralphio Saperstein, played by Ben Schwartz. Schwartz’s star rose just a little higher this week with the news that&nbsp;he’ll be voicing Sonic the Hedgehog in next year’s live-action video game adaptation. Sonic will (obviously) be a CGI character, but most of the cast will be live action, including Doctor Eggman Robotnik (Jim Carrey) and others played by James Marsden (X-Men) and Tika Sumpter (Southside with You). (Adam Pally from ABC’s Happy Endings&nbsp;and Neal McDonough from HBO’s Band of Brothers&nbsp;also joined the cast this week.)&nbsp;Sonic the Hedgehog is scheduled for release on November 15, 2019, which is the week after James Bond 25 (title pending), the week before Terminator 6, and two weeks before Frozen 2. There has yet to be a video game adaptation that breaks the long history of Rotten scores, but Schwartz’s involvement seems like a fun idea, even if odds are stacked against the movie itself.6.&nbsp;THE VILLAIN IN MARGOT ROBBIE’S BIRDS OF PREY WILL BE BLACK MASK(Photo by Warner Bros.)Batman has a spectacular rogues gallery of villains, with only Spider-Man’s enemies even coming close in the world of&nbsp;comic book superheroes. You can list ten of Batman’s most iconic villains, and you still wouldn’t be close to “obscure.” For that reason, in the various Bat-related comics over the years, there have been plenty of Batman’s enemies that heroes like Nightwing, Robin, Batgirl, and Huntress could take on as their own opponents. Having said that, most fans would be hard-pressed to pick Black Mask out of a lineup (even with his “black mask”), but that’s who Warner Bros. is going with as the main adversary in&nbsp;Birds of Prey, the team-up movie featuring&nbsp;Margot Robbie’s Harley Quinn.&nbsp;The other characters planned to join Harley Quinn in the Birds of Prey movie are Black Canary, Huntress, Cassandra Cain, and Detective Renee Montoya.&nbsp;Perhaps it’s an opportunity for Black Mask to seem new and unique when he eventually shows up, but it still would have been nice if they went with someone more recognizable, so this news is just barely Fresh.ROTTEN IDEAS OF THE WEEK3.&nbsp;BAD NEWS FOR CHRIS PRATT, PART 1: COWBOY NINJA VIKING YANKED FROM 2019(Photo by Walt Disney Studios)So far this year, Chris Pratt co-starred in the biggest movie (Avengers: Infinity War, $2.045 billion) and outright starred in the #3 movie (Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, with $1.263 billion). So, what made this&nbsp;week so bad for him? Let’s start with Cowboy Ninja Viking. Obviously, unlike most big summer movies these days, Cowboy Ninja Viking is not a household name, but this action&nbsp;flick about an asssassin whose three personalities represent different approaches to dealing with challenges was developed as a star vehicle for Pratt, and ostensibly, as the possible start of a new franchise. Cowboy Ninja Viking was scheduled for June 28, 2019, and was prepared to start filming, but this week, Universal Pictures yanked&nbsp;it&nbsp;from the calendar, delaying the film “indefinitely.” (In related news, the Minecraft movie also got yanked from 2019 this week.) Cowboy Ninja Viking was reasonably budgeted ($65 million), and it was to have been the feature film debut of Game of Thrones director Michelle MacLaren (who nearly debuted with Wonder Woman). So, what went wrong? And what will&nbsp;he do with the next year or so? But&nbsp;Cowboy Ninja Viking isn’t the only Chris Pratt movie that hit a roadblock…2.&nbsp;BAD NEWS FOR CHRIS PRATT, PART 2: THE QUAGMIRE THAT IS GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY 3(Photo by Priscilla Grant/Everett Collection)Your Twitter account is like a car. Drive it responsibly. One person who’s (hopefully) learned that is director James Gunn, who went from being one of Hollywood’s most beloved directors working today (due to&nbsp;Guardians of the Galaxy and its sequel), to being fired by Disney for some&nbsp;unfortunate tweets from the mid-2000s. Many in Hollywood were quick to come to Gunn’s defense, including his Guardians cast&nbsp;and actress and #metoo participant Selma Blair. Dave Bautista (AKA Drax) went further, saying that he would quit Guardians of the Galaxy 3 if Gunn’s screenplay isn’t used. This was quickly follwed by reports that Gunn’s screenplay may indeed still be used, and that Marvel is also in talks with Disney to possibly re-hire Gunn (or some other compromise).&nbsp;Meanwhile, Gunn is also reportedly being eyed by other studios for their own big projects, if his firing from Disney stands. (Like, perhaps, DC Comics’ Booster Gold?)1.&nbsp;THE ACADEMY AWARDS WANTS TO DISTINGUISH “POPULAR” MOVIES FROM, WHAT, “UNPOPULAR” ONES?(Photo by Getty Images)Inasmuch as the Academy Awards are a major TV event, the ratings do indeed back up the notion that the show is experiencing a decline in viewership. This week showed, however, that there isn’t a unanimous agreement about how best the Academy of Motion Picutre Arts and Sciences might solve this ratings problem. In a letter sent out to AMPAS members, the organization’s board laid out several changes, the biggest of which is the proposal to add a new award for “outstanding achievement in popular film.” The online reactions from those aforementioned members was fiery, with Rob Lowe, for example, tweeting, “the film business passed away today,” and Variety issuing at least two editorial reactions. Other proposed changes include some categories being handed out during the commercial breaks, and limiting the broadcast to three hours, but the idea of a category for popular movies dominated the conversation.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"japanese, Film, Fall, monsters, Spectrum, TV, Max, USA, Tomatazos, Channel, Paquin, Plus, cancelled","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/10163505/Samuel-Jackson-Cobie-Smulders-Ketchup.jpg","slug":"samuel-l-jackson-and-cobie-smulders-to-appear-in-spider-man-far-from-home-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47508681522987","title":"WandaVision: Agnes Provides Answers and Defines Wanda in Episode 8","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})WandaVision: Agnes Provides Answers and Defines Wanda in Episode 8Kathryn Hahn's character has been an enigma all this time, but the latest episode reveals more of her backstory and has us wondering: Is she really a villain?by Erik Amaya | February 26, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by Marvel Studios)As WandaVision enters into its final moments, answers come in abundance. Well, provided Wanda’s (Elizabeth Olsen) memories are correct, of course. And while her guide through past traumas may not be all that benevolent, confronting those incidents may be beneficial in the end.Or, perhaps, the fear of what Wanda could be is just too much for some to handle. Either way, Wanda has a new title to deal with on top of her unresolved griefs. And though Vision (Paul Bettany) may have tried to reframe what grief is, it’s still going to take a superhero therapist to help Wanda through it all.Is Agatha Harkness (Kathryn Hahn) applying for the job?Before we can answer that question, let’s take a look at the answers WandaVision finally offered this week for some added insight.Spoiler Alert: This article reveals details from WandaVision episode&nbsp;8 “Previously On.” Stop here if you have not watched the episode.The Hex Was Wanda’s Doing(Photo by Marvel Studios - episode 107)Once Agatha revealed herself last week, it was tempting to wonder if the entire Hex was part of her spell. The Darkhold —&nbsp;if that book in her basement is The Darkhold — has to potential to power something on the scale of Westview. But it turns out the Hex is genuinely Wanda’s creation. In fact, the ability to spontaneously keep it running is what compelled Agatha to Westview in the first place.In terms of a Marvel Cinematic Universe plot, that understanding is important because it means Wanda is still ultimately in control of the thing and will have to answer for it at some point. But perhaps more important than the legal challenges she may face in the future is the revelation that all the imagery within Westview was her choosing.As we learned this week, the Maximoff family was learning English via DVD box sets of American sitcoms. Young Wanda’s (Michaela Russell) father Olek (Daniyar) amassed a collection ranging from I Love Lucy to Malcolm in the Middle. And though he seemed to be selling the lot for the sake of the family, he hid the series set of The Dick Van Dyke show in the wall because it was Wanda’s favorite — her favorite episode is itself a love letter to television. That appreciation of sitcoms comes from one of the most benign forms of American imperialism: the export of old television. Sadly, one of the worst aspects of imperialism comes crashing down on the family shortly thereafter:&nbsp;some Stark Industries bombs.In a curious twist, though, it turns out the second bomb Wanda and young Pietro (Gabriel Gurevich) thought to be a dud was altered to fail by Wanda’s incipient powers. The magic was always within her.And considering the flashback to Agatha’s witch trial in 1693, it is entirely possible she wants that power for herself.The TV Shows Really Mattered to WandaBeyond her Sokovian childhood, the TV shows continued to matter as they offered Wanda an out in troubled times. Dick Van Dyke will always represent the before time, but now we see The Brady Bunch is tied to her time with Hydra — an “anti-freedom terrorist organization,” as Agatha put it.Although, by taking us back to Hydra, WandaVision offers us a new spin on things: joining up was Wanda’s attempt to avoid grieving for her parents. Instead of doing that, she hoped to “change the world” with a bunch of fascists because they also had beef with Stark. It’s certainly&nbsp;bad judgement on her part, but it is interesting to note how she evades her misgivings, particularly after her encounter with the Mind Stone, with a Brady Bunch episode about whopping misunderstandings.Similarly, she turned to Malcolm in the Middle after Pietro’s death and, subsequently, to Vision to avoid dealing with the grief. Although, it is interesting to see the first inklings of their relationship in this context. Wanda says the Avengers campus is the first home they shared, but the scene itself is still from early in their time there. At that point, they lived in separate rooms and Wanda often reminded Vision about her boundaries. Also, we couldn’t help but notice the way she bossed him around and his own trepidation around her. Granted, Vision was still quite a young lifeform trying to learn all of humanity’s complexities via Wanda at that point and is clearly deferring to the person with more experience.And, yet, he seems to understand a philosophical aspect of grief that Wanda does not because she cannot deal with her traumas. Somehow, that makes him the perfect companion.We’re going to assume Family Ties and Modern Family also became her go-to shows after other events. The commercials in previous episodes seem to recount the traumas — the beeping on the Stark toaster mirroring the beeping of the Stark ordinance — so perhaps, the Keatons helped Wanda after the mess in Lagos (as depicted in Captain America: Civil War).Modern Family appears to be the odd show out as the Nexus commercial has nothing to do with Thanos or Vision’s death. Maybe it was Agatha’s choice since she added the false Pietro (Evan Peters)&nbsp;— “Fietro, if you will”&nbsp;— by that point. If so, that may be a clue to her endgame.Wanda Built Her House Atop the Ruined Shell of AnotherWe also learned Westview, New Jersey, is, in fact, real despite the Eastview sheriff denying it to Monica Rambeau (Teyonah Paris) and Jimmy Woo (Randall Park). Based on Wanda’s drive through town after her visit to S.W.O.R.D. — more on that in a bit — we get the impression it suffered greatly from the Blip. In fact, that economic devastation seemed so severe that the return of all the people lost five years earlier offered the town no solace. The people seemed as broken as Wanda herself.And then comes the most heartbreaking revelation: Vision bought them the plot at 2800 Sherwood Drive so they could grow old together.Sadly, though, there is no house at 2800; just the suggestion of one. It was the final blow to Wanda’s wounded psyche and we empathize with her utterly. Also, from Agatha’s point of view, it was the moment Wanda came into true possession of her powers. Overcome with grief, her magic transformed Westview in a Dick Van Dyke suburb, the plot into a home, and conjured a new Vision from magical matter. It’s an gangbuster scene both in terms of the raw emotion and what it tells us about Wanda’s powers.But let’s back up to S.W.O.R.D. as it pertains to the new Vision.The timeline is a little fuzzy, but we’re going to assume Wanda visited the S.W.O.R.D. base a handful of days after the final fight in Avengers: Endgame. There, she learned Director Hayward (Josh Stamberg) and S.W.O.R.D. techs have been dismantling Vision because it is their “legal and ethical obligation” to recreate the most advanced sentient weapon ever created. Or, at the very least, maintain custody of the $3 billion worth of vibranium in his corpse. It is a gruesome way to regard someone as gentle as Vis, but it is entirely in keeping with what we know about Hayward — in fact, it underscores the first lie he told the S.W.O.R.D. field team and viewers some weeks ago.After facing the dismantled Vision, Wanda seemingly processed that shock and left without the pieces of him. But in episode 5, Hayward showed the field team video of Wanda taking Vision’s body. Some always suspected the footage was doctored and it turned out to be the case. Hayward always had Vision. This explains why the New Vision started to disintegrate as he tried to leave the Hex. It does not explain, however, how Hayward was able to track him within its borders.Now that he has seemingly resurrected the original Vision, we still have to wonder about his true aim. Perhaps, like Agatha, he seeks to possess Wanda’s seeming ability to warp reality. But it is also possible he sees bigger opportunities in that power beyond sentient weapons. Then again, he may be blind to a wider vision (sorry) and just wants Wanda to power a Synthezoid army.Oh, but we should mention that he is convinced Wanda can resurrect Vis before the Hex. Why would he even suspect that?Meanwhile, it is devastating to think Vision was so convinced he and Wanda would be able to live together peacefully that bought a plot of land in suburban New Jersey. Similarly devastating: She will have to face off against&nbsp;his icy-looking reanimated corpse&nbsp;next week.What Is Agatha’s Endgame? And What Is A Scarlet Witch?(Photo by Marvel Studios)Although she is strangling Billy (Julian Hilliard) and Tommy (Jett Klyne) and wearing a full evil witch costume, there is still the possibility that Agatha’s true purpose at the end of this episode is, ultimately, beneficial. The entire trip through Wanda’s memories forced her to see all the ways she’s avoided grief and how it led to the Hex. Then there’s the statement about a Scarlet Witch being dangerous and a figure of myth.Which leads to the question: What is a Scarlet Witch? The term seemingly has no other significance beyond Wanda’s comic book history, so the show may be creating a new idea here with Wanda and her Chaos Magic. If that is the case, Agatha will need to give us another exposition dump next week to understand its significance. But, for the moment at least, it indicates the hue of Wanda’s power actually matters. We’ve always suspected the red energy she commands tied her to the Reality Stone despite her powers seemingly emanating from the Mind Stone. Now that we know that encounter was not quite what Wanda or Hydra believed — and that she had powers all along — that potential tie to the Aether may prove true.(Photo by Marvel Studios - episode 104)Or, the color scheme may be an coincidence. But considering the purple hue of Agatha’s powers, and the yellow energies Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) often commands, we believe the chromatics of magic will contain a deeper meaning after next week’s finale.But that still leaves us with Agatha’s ultimate aim. The flashback at the start of the episode suggests an involuntary need to consume magic; which would make her a less of a villain — and more like Wanda — if it is something she does not control. As we suggested earlier, it is still possible she is playing at being an evil witch to help Wanda finally process her grief.&nbsp; She could also be genuinely afraid of what a Scarlet Witch can do or believes the Chaos Magic will allow her access to the Nexus of All Realities. Well, provided the Nexus commercial last week was really her invention.As it happens, Agatha’s comic book history offers a few hints to her ambiguous morality. Though typically allied with heroes like the Fantastic Four, she allowed the 17th-century Salem witch trials to occur as it would cull the witch ranks of weaker elements. Her sometimes shadowy aims led to conflicts with some of the Marvel heroes, but her goals were never villainous. Curiously, though, in Marvel’s Ultimate Universe, she is really the Dragon-of-Seven who destroyed Atlantis. Another name for the creature: the Hydra.Which, despite everything we learned this week, still makes her the wildcard. Is she the bad guy or is it, ultimately, Hayward who presents the true antagonism here?(Photo by Marvel Studios - episode 105)Since were already asking questions, let’s just add these to the pile as we wait for the finale:• Who is fake Pietro?•&nbsp;How’d that fight with Monica go?•&nbsp;Is there still room for Mephisto to appear at this point?•&nbsp;What other obstructions are keeping New Vision from getting home?•&nbsp;Are the twins real or just part of the Hex?•&nbsp;Is Jimmy waiting patiently at the border for a positive outcome?Hopefully, we’ll get some concrete answers to these questions along with that often-teased special guest cameo next week.New episodes of&nbsp;WandaVision&nbsp;premiere on Fridays on&nbsp;Disney+.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"Swim, cops, finale, spain, 24, Company, live, films, Lucasfilm, LGBTQ, Walt, Columbia, The, indie, Awards","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/26162305/wandavision-108_wanda-agnes-600x314.jpg","slug":"wandavision-agnes-provides-answers-and-defines-wanda-in-episode-8"},{"id":"47509158703210","title":"Box Office Wrapup: Penguins March to #1 Again Over Thanksgiving Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Wrapup: Penguins March to #1 Again Over Thanksgiving Weekendby Gitesh Pandya | November 27, 2006 |  CommentsMovie fans feasted on tasty leftovers over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend as the top two films atop the charts remained unchanged from last week. The penguin toon Happy Feet held onto the number one spot while the James Bond actioner Casino Royale followed in second place once again.Both films enjoyed solid sophomore frames and grossed nearly $100M in combined ticket sales over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period. Several new films that opened were treated like side dishes with audiences finding some of them to be unappetizing. Among the better performers were the action thriller Deja Vu and the family comedy Deck the Halls which finished the weekend in third and fourth places, respectively. Overall, the multiplexes were bustling as the top ten matched last year’s holiday performance which was impressive given the lack of a Harry Potter-type juggernaut on this year’s movie menu.Sitting on top of the North American box office for a second straight weekend was Happy Feet which danced up an estimated $37.9M over the Friday-to-Sunday period and an impressive $51.5M over the five-day Wednesday-to-Sunday holiday span. That propelled the cume for the Warner Bros. blockbuster to $100.1M after only ten days giving the studio a great start for its pricey $100M kidpic. In a year overstuffed with animated films, the penguin film joins Ice Age: The Meltdown and Cars as the only toons to spend back-to-back weeks at number one in 2006. The three-day gross slipped a scant 9% from its opening weekend indicating solid word-of-mouth and possibly good legs ahead.The slender decline was similar to the turkey weekend drops of 2004’s National Treasure and 2000’s How the Grinch Stole Christmas which slipped only 9% and 5%, respectively, when Thanksgiving fell on their second weekends. All three films carried PG ratings, played to broad audiences, opened at number one, and retained their box office crown over the turkey holiday. Treasure captured half of its eventual $173M domestic total in the first ten days while Grinch’s share was a similar 53%. If Happy Feet can stay strong throughout the holiday season, it could find its way to $175-190M.Holding steady in the number two spot was Agent 007 in Casino Royale which collected an estimated $31M over three days and $45.1M over five days. Off only 24%, that pushed the ten-day domestic haul for the Sony release to a stellar $94.2M. Although Casino opened softer than the last film in the series — 2002’s Die Another Day starring Pierce Brosnan — it enjoyed a better sophomore hold. Die dropped 34% in its second weekend to a matching $31M over the three-day portion of the Thanksgiving holiday banking $101.4M in ten days.Casino is also benefiting from encouraging buzz and could be on its way to grossing $150-160M from North America coming close to the $160.9M of Die which holds the franchise record. Even if the new Daniel Craig film does not set a new franchise benchmark for domestic sales, it still means that the risky casting change has paid off with today’s audiences still finding Bond to be a relevant film series. Overseas, Casino Royale continued to open at number one in every market it invaded this weekend and watched its international cume soar to $128.2M as its worldwide gross zoomed to an eye-popping $222.4M in under two weeks. The studio expects Casino Royale to outperform the $432M global gross of Die Another Day to become the biggest Bond ever.Holiday moviegoers looking for something new to see powered the Denzel Washington crime thriller Deja Vu into third place with an opening weekend of $20.8M over the Friday-to-Sunday period. Directed by Tony Scott (Crimson Tide, Top Gun), the PG-13 film averaged a sturdy $6,704 from 3,108 sites for Buena Vista. The studio made a bold move when it programmed Deja Vu’s launch to be just five days after the opening of Casino Royale which would also pull in action fans. Since its Wednesday bow, Deja Vu has grossed a strong $29M.Washington proved once again that he is one of Hollywood’s most reliable and consistent box office draws. Seven of the last eight films he has headlined have opened with $20M or more. Few A-listers can make that claim. In his new film, the Oscar-winning actor plays a ATF agent who uses new government technology to try to alter the past in order to prevent a ferry explosion that kills over 500 innocent people in New Orleans. It was the first Hollywood film shot in the city after Hurricane Katrina. Reviews were generally positive.Danny DeVito and Matthew Broderick battled their way into fourth place with the new holiday comedy Deck the Halls which opened to an estimated $12M. Fox launched the film in 3,205 locations and averaged a decent $3,744 per site. Since its Wednesday launch, the PG-rated family film has taken in $16.9M. That puts Deck below the openings of recent live-action Thanksgiving weekend kidpics like last year’s Yours, Mine, and Ours and 2004’s Christmas with the Kranks. Those comedies debuted to five-day tallies of $24.3M and $30.8M. Competition was tough for Deck which had to deal with Happy Feet, The Santa Clause 3, and Flushed Away stealing away $54M over the three-day span from the same audience.Dropping 29% to an estimated $10.4M in its fourth trek was Fox’s Borat which joined the century club over the weekend. November’s only non-penguin film to reach number one has now taken in $109.3M. Jumping up 21% from last weekend thanks to the holiday was Disney’s The Santa Clause 3 which followed close behind with an estimated $10M. The Tim Allen pic has collected $67.2M to date and is running 29% behind the pace of its 2002 predecessor.Sony’s Will Ferrell comedy Stranger Than Fiction ranked seventh with an estimated $6M, down 9%, for a $32.7M total. The animated tale Flushed Away slipped 12% to an estimated $5.8M and has grossed $57.4M thus far.Two new films rounded out the top ten with less-than-spectacular results. MGM released The Weinstein Co. pic Bobby and grossed an estimated $4.9M from 1,667 theaters for a mild $2,945 average. Written and directed by Emilio Estevez, the R-rated film examines the lives of several people on the day that Senator Robert Kennedy was assassinated in 1968. The all-star cast includes Anthony Hopkins, Laurence Fishburne, Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher, Sharon Stone, Helen Hunt, Martin Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, and Happy Feet star Elijah Wood. Bobby opened in two theaters a week earlier and expanded nationally on Thanksgiving Thursday. The distributor chose not to open nationwide on the typical Wednesday date since that day marked the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Cume to date is $6.2MOpening poorly in tenth place was the sci-fi romance The Fountain with an estimated $3.7M from 1,472 for a weak $2,531 average. Darren Aronofsky (pi, Requiem for a Dream) directed the PG-13 film which stars Hugh Jackman (another voice from the chart-topping penguin pic) and Aronofsky’s real-life girlfriend Rachel Weisz in a tale of a man’s search to cure his wife’s illness. Over five days, Fountain collected only $5.4M.Another Thanksgiving turkey came in the form of the comedy Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny which failed to find paying customers and finished outside of the top ten. The Jack Black comedy took in an estimated $3.1M from 1,919 theaters for a wimpy $1,621 average. The R-rated pic was targeted at young men and saw a soft $5.2M bow over the Wednesday-to-Sunday holiday span.The film industry satire For Your Consideration expanded from 23 to 623 theaters this weekend and grossed an estimated $2M. With a mediocre $3,186 average, the Warner Independent release upped its cume to $3.1M.Fox Searchlight debuted its comedy The History Boys and grossed an estimated $101,000 from seven theaters for a solid $14,389 average. Adapted from the Tony Award-winning play, the R-rated film bowed in six U.S. theaters on Tuesday and added one Canadian location on Friday. Cume to date stands at $142,000 and the distributor will expand to four additional markets on December 8.Four films dropped out of the top ten this weekend. Paramount Vantage’s Babel fell 33% to an estimated $1.9M pushing the cume up to a decent $15.2M. The Brad Pitt pic may finish in the $17-19M range although it could go further if it secures major award nominations. Another film generating Oscar buzz followed as Martin Scorsese’s The Departed shot up an estimated $1.8M in its eighth weekend, down 30%, boosting the cume to $116.8M. With a production cost of $90M, the acclaimed director’s top-grossing film should reach the $120M mark domestically.The horror sequel Saw III scared up an estimated $1.5M, down 48%, for a strong $78M to date. The $12M Lionsgate hit looks to end with about $80M or a bit less than Saw II’s $87M from last year. After Dark’s Horror Fest concluded its limited five-day theatrical run with $2.6M from 488 theaters last week for a solid $5,328 average.The top ten films grossed an estimated $142.7M over three days which was dead even with last year when Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire remained at number one with $54.7M; and down 2% from 2004 when National Treasure stayed in the top spot with $32.2M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"BET, GoT, adventure, medical","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Wrapup-Penguins-March-to-1-Again-Over-Thanksgiving-Weekend"},{"id":"47509064376544","title":"Video: What does Morgan Freeman Google?","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: What does Morgan Freeman Google?by Grae Drake | April 17, 2014 |  CommentsMorgan Freeman, Kata Mara, Paul Bettany, and Rebecca Hall star in the new drama about artifical intelligence from director Wally Pfister, Transcendence. Grae Drake talks to them about whether or not they would miss the internet, and what kind of computer they would take the form of.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Western, superhero, Logo, on, horror, laika","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-what-does-morgan-freeman-google"},{"id":"47508907613050","title":"How Family-Friendly are Suicide Squad, The Little Prince, and This Week’s Other Films?","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})How Family-Friendly are Suicide Squad, The Little Prince, and This Week's Other Films?by Christy Lemire | August 5, 2016 |  CommentsThree of the four notable films rated PG-13 or lower this week seem pretty safe for all audiences. Unfortunately, the one all the kids are going to want to see — Suicide Squad — is a gritty comic book movie about bad guys beating up worse guys. Christy lets us know how close it gets to an R rating.NEW IN THEATERS&nbsp;Suicide Squad (2016)  26%Rating: PG-13, for sequences of violence and action throughout, disturbing behavior, suggestive content and language.Like Jason Bourne last week, Suicide Squad&nbsp;is right there on the edge of what you can include in an action movie without earning an R rating. The latest comic book blockbuster extravaganza – this time, based on DC Comics characters rather than Marvel – is just relentlessly violent. It’s about a group of incarcerated super villains who are offered reduced sentences if they’ll help the federal government take down even worse bad guys than they are. They include the expert marksman Deadshot (Will Smith), the crazy-sexy Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) and Diablo (Jay Hernandez), who blasts fire from his fingertips. It’s extremely dark thematically in terms of who these characters are, what they’ve done, and what they can do. There’s a mind-boggling amount of gunfire, as well as stabbings, brutal fistfights, zombie invasions, and witch sorcery from the powerful Enchantress (Cara Delevingne). It’s also quite hard to follow much of the time — both in terms of the story and the visuals — with so many characters and so much of the action taking place at night. And of course there is The Joker (Jared Leto), for whom mayhem and madness are his bread and butter. Don’t let the candy-colored marketing scheme fool you: This is really only OK for viewers around 12 or 13 and older.Nine Lives (2016)  14%Rating: PG,&nbsp;for thematic elements, language and some rude humor.Kevin Spacey stars as billionaire industrialist Tom Brand, a high-flying egomaniac who gets trapped inside the body of a cat to learn a lesson about the importance of family. No, really. At least director Barry Sonnenfeld had the decency to refrain from making it look as if the cat’s mouth is moving; still, the dialogue Spacey and his co-stars are stuck with is pretty lame. The stuff you probably imagine your own cat thinking is probably far more entertaining. The movie as a whole, though, is harmless for viewers of all ages. The cat – which has the delightful name of Mr. Fuzzypants — gets into all sorts of shenanigans and frequently seems to be in peril but always ends up safe. One night, he figures out how to open a decanter of 50-year-old Scotch, pours it into an ashtray, laps it up like milk and gets wasted. Cheryl Hines also boozes frequently as Tom’s ex; Jennifer Garner co-stars as his loyal and patient second wife. Various characters fall from the roof of Brand’s new skyscraper but always turn out fine. And Mr. Fuzzypants pees on things frequently to express his frustration. Your kids will probably cackle with glee at the cat’s antics, though. You could do worse in August.The Little Prince (2016)  93%Rating: PG,&nbsp;for mild thematic elements.This animated take on the classic Antoine de Saint-Exupery story is dazzlingly beautiful, colorful, and full of whimsy. It follows the basic story of an aviator (voiced by Jeff Bridges) who crashes his plane in the desert, where he meets a little boy (Riley Osborne) who claims he’s a prince. But it places that story in the modern day, with the aging pilot recounting his adventures in flashbacks for the young girl (Mackenzie Foy) who just moved in next door with her mother (Rachel McAdams). There’s some bold visual imagery here involving a greedy businessman (Albert Brooks) who wants to gather up all the stars for himself to power his empire. The little girl learns to deal with grief when the elderly aviator falls ill and has to go to the hospital. She also finds herself in slight danger while flying a plane in the fantasy sequences. But for the most part, this is a fine choice for kids of nearly all ages.Little Men (2016)  97%Rating: PG,&nbsp;for thematic elements, smoking and some language.The latest drama from indie writer-director Ira Sachs follows the intertwined fates of two families with 13-year-old sons. When shy, smart Jake (Theo Taplitz) moves with his parents (Greg Kinnear and Jennifer Ehle) into his deceased grandfather’s Brooklyn apartment, he quickly makes an unlikely friend: the swaggering, bighearted Tony (Michael Barbieri), whose mother (Paulina Garcia) owns the dress shop downstairs. As the two kids bond, a rift forms between their parents when Jake’s dad approaches Tony’s mom with a proposal to raise her lease on the store. Tweens and young teens will probably connect with the friendship between these boys who initially seem so different. Much of the film’s low-key action takes place through their eyes as they explore the neighborhood together on sidewalks and subways. The more grown-up talk of real-estate troubles and financial realities will go over younger viewers’ heads. But there’s not much language and only the vaguest talk of interest in girls. This is a fine choice for kids around 10 and older.NEW ON DVD&nbsp;Mother's Day (2016)  8%Rating: PG-13, for language and some suggestive material.The final movie from veteran director Garry Marshall, who died last month at age 81, is yet another of his holiday-themed ensemble comedies following Valentine’s Day&nbsp;and New Year’s Eve. Sadly, it is not his best film. Once again, a large, A-list cast (Jennifer Aniston, Julia Roberts, Kate Hudson, Jason Sudeikis) comes together in several intertwined storylines, all of which are meant to celebrate the joys and challenges of motherhood. There is language scattered throughout, including the one F-bomb you get in a PG-13 movie, which Aniston gets to drop. There’s a running bit in which a couple of racist parents from Texas (Margo Martindale and Robert Pine) make inappropriate comments about their daughter’s Indian husband. But while the content is mostly harmless, it’s also terrible. There’s not a single authentic moment in the entire movie — which, at a couple minutes under two hours, feels like a massive slog. Avoid, regardless of age – and maybe re-watch Marshall’s The Flamingo Kid&nbsp;with your family instead.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"series, your, Drama, sitcom, Kimmy, Disney","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/05113206/Suicide-Squad-PG2.jpg","slug":"how-family-friendly-are-suicide-squad-the-little-prince-and-this-weeks-other-films"},{"id":"47613951969069","title":"Critical Consensus: A Brave New \"World,\" A \"Step\" Down, And No Screenings for \"Pulse\" and \"Zoom\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: A Brave New \"World,\" A \"Step\" Down, And No Screenings for \"Pulse\" and \"Zoom\"by Tim Ryan | August 9, 2006 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got Oliver Stone paying tribute to the heroes of 9/11 (\"World Trade Center,\" starring Nicolas Cage); two youngsters trying to start a dance dance revolution (\"Step Up,\" starring Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum); a school for young superheroes (\"Zoom,\" starring Tim Allen and Courteney Cox); and an evil website (\"Pulse,\" starring Kristen Bell). What do the critics have to say?Oliver Stone has never been the subtlest of directors, nor has he shied away from controversy or conspiracy-mongering. So it’s something of a surprise to critics that with his latest, \"World Trade Center,\" he has tackled a subject (the 9/11 attacks) rife with talk of dark machinations and created a straightforward, apolitical tale of heroism. Based on a true story, \"World Trade Center\" stars Nicolas Cage and Michael Pena as a pair of Port Authority police officers who became trapped in the ruins of the World Trade Center while attempting to rescue others. Critics say the narrow human focus is one of the strengths of the film, along with its stunning visuals and an old-fashioned sense of resilience and heroism. At 70 percent on the Tomatometer, \"World Trade Center\" may be a cut below Paul Greengrass‘ 9/11 film \"United 93\" (90 percent), but it’s a worthy examination of a day that will live in infamy. It’s also Stone’s best-reviewed film since \"Nixon.\"Nicolas Cage as real-life officer John McLoughlin in \"World Trade Center\"\"Step Up\" tells the story of a hip-hop dancer from the wrong side of the tracks (Channing Tatum) and a privileged ballerina (Jenna Dewan) who overcome their differences to make beautiful music together on the dance floor. Sound familiar? It should, if you’ve seen \"Saturday Night Fever,\" \"Save the Last Dance,\" or \"Dirty Dancing.\" Perhaps the Bee Gees presciently spoke for the critics of \"Step Up\" when they sang, \"You should be dancing,\" for the scribes say the film is at its best in its electrifying dance sequences, but dramatically flat otherwise. At 21 percent on the Tomatometer, the critics are putting this baby in a corner.\"Step Up\": Do fries come with that shake?The studios apparently believe \"Pulse\" is pretty lifeless, and that \"Zoom\" is full of cinematic gloom. What else could explain the fact that the Kristen Bell J-horror remake and the Tim Allen superhero comedy, respectively, were not screened for critics? It’s time to bust out those crystal balls and guess those Tomatometers, people.\"Sometimes when we touch/ the horror’s just too much\"Also in theaters this week, in limited release: \"Half Nelson,\" starring Ryan Gosling as a troubled inner city teacher, is at a whopping 95 percent on the Tomatometer; the Czech surrealist horror film \"Lunacy\" is at 80 percent; \"House of Sand,\" a visually remarkable Brazilian epic, is at 80 percent; \"Conversations With Other Women,\" a tale of a romantic reunion starring Helena Bonham Carter and Aaron Eckhart, is at 70 percent; \"The Trouble With Men and Women,\" a low-budget Brit relationship drama, is at 50 percent; \"Poster Boy,\" a drama about the gay son of a senator, is at 43 percent; and \"The Ordeal,\" a dark Belgian horror import, is at 43 percent.Recent Oliver Stone Movies:———————————–16% — Alexander (2004)50% — Comandante (2003)48% — Any Given Sunday (1999)51% — U-Turn (1997)74% — Nixon (1995)Recent Nicolas Cage Movies:————————————61% — Lord of War (2005)59% — The Weather Man (2005)42% — National Treasure (2004)82% — Matchstick Men (2003)90% — Adaptation (2002)Films Not Screened For Critics In 2006 (Best To Worst Tomatometer Score):————————————————28% — Silent Hill27% — Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Family Reunion24% — Phat Girlz16% — Grandma’s Boy15% — Underworld: Evolution11% — The Benchwarmers10% — Ultraviolet10% — When a Stranger Calls7% — Date Movie7% — Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector6% — See No Evil5% — Doogal5% — BloodRayne5% — Stay Alive","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"and, spain, comedies, TV, Women's, Hulu, cooking, killer, El, Disney, critics, 21st","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"critical-consensus-a-brave-new-world-a-step-down-and-no-screenings-for-pulse-and-zoom"},{"id":"47509121159957","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Audiences Propel Zero Dark Thirty to #1","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Audiences Propel Zero Dark Thirty to #1by Gitesh Pandya | January 14, 2013 |  CommentsThree films entered wide release shoving holiday holdovers to the side while major Oscar nominees cashed in on the added attention. Leading the way was the Osama bin Laden manhunt pic Zero Dark Thirty which captured the number one spot in its first weekend of wide release following a strong run in limited play. The spoof comedy A Haunted House pulled off an upset by opening in second place ahead of the all-star crime drama Gangster Squad which was in a thousand more theaters. Overall, the marketplace was vibrant inching ahead of the same frame from the last two years which was impressive since those had the added boost of being the MLK holiday weekend. The top four films are all R-rated and five of the top seven movies have running times of two-and-a-half to three hours.Fighting off controversy and a major Oscar snub, Sony’s awards hopeful Zero Dark Thirty surged to the top with an estimated $24M weekend easily leading the field of movie options. The Kathryn Bigelow-directed hit averaged a solid $8,172 from 2,937 locations after expanding from 60 sites last week. The total stands at $29.5M.After winning a number of best picture awards from critics groups in the northeast, Zero nabbed five Academy Award nominations on Thursday including Best Picture, but not Director which was widely expected to be a lock. In addition, many U.S. Senators have publicly complained about how the film implies that illegal torture methods by the CIA helped in leading to the capture and killing of the terrorist mastermind. The controversy may have sparked curiosity among adult moviegoers and helped to drive in extra traffic. How it will affect Oscar voters in the weeks to come is anyone’s guess.Zero has earned rave reviews from critics and an encouraging A- CinemaScore grade from moviegoers polled on Friday. The R-rated film inched up only 3% on Saturday from Friday. Adult men made up the core crowd as males accounted for 59% of the audience while 62% was over 30. An opening this strong targeted at this audience when major football playoffs are going on both on Saturday and Sunday is especially impressive. The road ahead will not be easy as Hollywood has decided to squeeze five action films into the next three weeks hoping all will connect with ticket buyers.Open Road scored a big hit with its spoof comedy A Haunted House which surged higher than expected with an opening weekend of $18.8M, according to estimates. Averaging a sturdy $8,712 from 2,160 theaters in the U.S. (it did not open in Canada), the R-rated laugher is a parody of recent found-footage horror hits like the Paranormal Activity series and connected with its target audience of older teens and young adults. In fact this audience was utterly ignored by Hollywood in December and has been responding this month with House and last weekend’s top film Texas Chainsaw 3D both overperforming on opening weekend. House stars and was co-written by Marlon Wayans who has had success in the spoof genre throughout his career. The CinemaScore was a disappointing B-.Settling for third place was the all-star crime drama Gangster Squad with an estimated $16.7M from 3,103 theaters for a moderate $5,385 average. The Warner Bros release had the most theaters and starpower of any of the weekend’s three wide openers but attracted the least amount of business. Ryan Gosling, Sean Penn, Josh Brolin, and Emma Stone star in the R-rated pic set in 1949 and the cast worked hard in recent weeks by splitting up and appearing on talk shows in New York and Los Angeles.But reviews were generally negative impacting a film that skews to an older adult audience. Studio research showed that 58% of the crowd was under 35 while males and females were evenly split. The CinemaScore was a decent B+ grade but sales dipped 8% on Saturday from Friday. The other new films enjoyed increases on Saturday.Best Picture nominee Django Unchained dropped 45% to an estimated $11.1M in its third weekend of release raising its total to a sturdy $125.4M. That makes it Quentin Tarantino’s highest grossing film ever surpassing the $120.5M of his last effort, 2009’s Inglourious Basterds which was also a nominee for Best Picture. Django is also on track to surpass The King’s Speech to become the top-grossing title ever for The Weinstein Co. Also in the race for the big prize, Universal’s hot musical Les Misérables declined by a lower amount, 37%, and collected an estimated $10.1M for a cume to date of $119.2M. A similar $115.1M has been taken in abroad for a global tally of $234.3M.The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey took a bigger tumble falling 48% to an estimated $9.1M for a cume to date of $278.1M for Warner Bros. The global tally rose to $886.1M with China still to open, tentatively in late February. 12 Oscar nominations juiced the grosses for awards frontrunner Lincoln which climbed up 17% from last weekend without any significant expansion. An estimated $6.3M weekend was enough to send the presidential pic over the $150M mark to a total to date of $152.6M with much more to come. As a director, Lincoln is Spielberg’s 12th blockbuster to break the $150M domestic mark and he has become the only one ever to score such hits over five consecutive decades.With all the new films carrying R ratings, Fox’s PG-rated comedy Parental Guidance remained the only major choice for families slipping only 37% to an estimated $6.1M and $60.7M to date. Texas Chainsaw 3D, the new year’s first chart-topper, took a freefall tumbling from first place all the way down to ninth with an estimated $5.2M for a terrible 76% nosedive in the sophomore frame. The Lionsgate release has banked $30.8M in ten days.Cashing in on Oscar nominations, Silver Linings Playbook enjoyed an impressive 38% bump in sales from last weekend with an estimated $5M weekend. The acclaimed dramedy averaged a solid $6,173 from 810 locations adding just 65 theaters from last weekend. The Weinstein Co. has been unbelievably patient in its roll-out of the Bradley Cooper-Jennifer Lawrence hit and will now go fully nationwide on Friday in its tenth weekend of release expanding to 2,500+ theaters for the long MLK holiday session.By being the last of the major Oscar contenders to go nationwide, it hopes to capitalize on the heat of its theatrical release and score better votes during the time when Academy members are actually casting ballots for winners. It hopes others will have peaked and become old news by then. Aside from frontrunner Lincoln, only two other movies scored broad support with nominations in the five key categories of picture, director, editing, screenplay, and acting – Life of Pi and Playbook. But only Playbook has the wizardry of Harvey Weinstein behind it.Tied for tenth place according to estimates was Tom Cruise’s Jack Reacher with an estimated $5M, off 46%, for a $72.8M cume for Paramount.Older films scoring Oscar nominations for Best Picture enjoyed new interest from moviegoers. Nominated for 11 awards, Life of Pi kept on chugging away towards the century club with another $2.7M, according to estimates, for a low 5% dip. The Fox hit has grossed $94.8M domestically. Worldwide surged to $452.2M with the half-billion barrier ready to come down next week.Warner Bros. expanded its October awards darling Argo after nabbing seven Oscar nominations by doubling its run from 302 to 621 theaters. The weekend gross saw a 57% bump to an estimated $1.2M giving the Ben Affleck film $111.6M to date.The top ten films grossed an estimated $112.4M which was up 6% from last year when Contraband opened at number one with $24.3M; and up 4% from 2011 when The Green Hornet debuted in the top spot with $33.5M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"stoner, Classic, TNT, 45, One, films, TLC, globes, Amazon, Tour, Turner, spider-man","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Audiences-Propel-Zero-Dark-Thirty-to-1"},{"id":"47508865834461","title":"Five Favorite Films with John Cena","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with John CenaThe former WWE champion and action star shares his favoritesby RT Staff | March 9, 2009 |  CommentsWith 12 Rounds hitting theaters, wrestler turned actor John Cena stopped by Current TV’s Rotten Tomatoes Show to share his favorite films.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"television, Ovation, FOX, Academy, Nominations, Sematary, Comic, All, Mindy, The, streaming, Larson","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/JohnCena.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-john-cena"},{"id":"47614029631308","title":"De Niro and Streep Sign Up for \"First Man\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})De Niro and Streep Sign Up for \"First Man\"by Scott Weinberg | June 16, 2005 |  CommentsVariety indicates that Robert De Niro (\"Hide and Seek\") and Meryl Streep (\"Adaptation\") will co-star in Disney’s \"First Man.\" Screenwriter Diane English will make her directorial debut on this project, which tells the story of \"a Ted Turner-like mogul who puts his career on hold to run a presidential campaign for his wife. When she becomes the first woman to occupy the White House, he’s suddenly faced with a significant role reversal.\"When production gets underway (Mr. De Niro and Ms. Streep have rather busy schedules, obviously) it will mark the fourth time that the exceedingly acclaimed thespians have paired up. They previously worked together on \"The Deer Hunter,\" \"Falling in Love,\" and \"Marvin’s Room.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Searchlight, archives, TCA, John, of, elm, worst, dogs, black, independent, E!, popular","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"de-niro-and-streep-sign-up-for-first-man"},{"id":"47509025346461","title":"Video: Annette Bening’s Favorite Music for Dancing Alone","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Annette Bening's Favorite Music for Dancing Aloneby Grae Drake | December 14, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to Annette Bening from&nbsp;20th Century Women&nbsp;about dancing around the house by yourself (and the best music for it) and awkward dinner conversations. She&nbsp;also spoke to Greta Gerwig about the high-maintenance regimen of pink hair, and getting a punk rock education for the film. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Academy, YA, cartoon, Shudder, cops","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/14143705/Annette-Bening-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-annette-benings-favorite-music-for-dancing-alone"},{"id":"47508849289538","title":"Five Favorite Films with Abigail Breslin","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Abigail BreslinThe star of this week's Janie Jones drops by for a chat about movies, music, and her career.by Luke Goodsell | October 28, 2011 |  CommentsSince her acting debut in Signs (at age six) and Oscar nomination for Little Miss Sunshine (at age 10), Abigail Breslin has taken an unpredictable path in her film roles, appearing in everything from family movies to heartstring-heavy dramas to unabashed horror-comedy — as Zombieland‘s gun-toting scamp Little Rock, she got to indulge in what few of her young peers are allowed; namely, blowing away hordes of the undead. This year, Breslin’s already lent her voice to probably the best, and certainly the most original American animated feature, Rango, and she’ll soon appear (alongside practically everyone else in Hollywood) in the romantic comedy New Year’s Eve; while next year brings a transition to teenage roles — including a high school murderess in the very Heavenly Creatures-sounding Innocence. In this week’s Janie Jones, Breslin plays the title character, a 13-year-old girl set adrift from her single mother to reconnects with her boozy rock-n-roll dad, played by Alessandro Nivola. We sat down with the young actress to talk about the movie and her music, where she sees her career headed, and her Five Favorite Films (with a little assist from her mom).Meet Me in St. Louis (Vincente Minnelli, 1944; 100% Tomatometer)One would probably be Meet Me in St. Louis, which I love. Meet Me in St. Louis I love because I love Margaret O’Brien, and I actually got to meet her in person — she was so sweet and so cool. She was my favorite. So I love that movie.Insidious (James Wan, 2011; 67% Tomatometer)I guess I’ll have to do one horror movie because it’s my thing; I love horror movies. So my favorite horror movie would be… [pauses] I guess I’ll just go with a recent one that I really like right now, which was Insidious. I actually really liked that. It was kind of like, in some ways kind of campy, but it was so fun the way it was done. I loved the storyline of it all, and the ending was really cool.The Help (Tate Taylor, 2011; 74% Tomatometer)A recent movie that I really liked was The Help. I thought The Help was really, really good. And I love all the actors in it, who I thought were just amazing. I love Jessica Chastain, and Viola Davis and, you know, Emma Stone too, ’cause I worked with her. And Octavia Spencer. I thought they were all amazing.What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (Robert Aldrich, 1962; 89% Tomatometer)Oh, the Bette Davis one — What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? I really like… I really love that movie. She’s kind of like really crazy and creepy. It’s one of the most — it’s not really a horror movie, but it’s so eerie and creepy..Prancer (John D. Hancock, 1989; 69% Tomatometer)And then finally I love… [long pause] Can I think about the last one? [Breslin’s mother intervenes: “For sentimental reasons the one you always loved was Prancer,” she suggests, laughing.] Oh yeah, I loved Prancer. Oh my god. [Laughs] I actually, really— okay, yeah, I’ll put that. So that movie, for sentimental reasons, and just because I still love it. It still has to be watched every Christmas. [Mom laughs in the background. ]How many times have you seen it?Oh, probably over a hundred. Especially when I was younger, I watched it like every day.Do you know I’ve never seen it?Oh my gosh, shame on you! Now you must.Next, Breslin talks about Janie Jones, starting her music career, and her mini-obsession with Little Rock.&nbsp;So, Janie Jones. I was impressed that you did all your own singing and playing in the movie. Was that something that attracted you to the part, or were you already performing music?Abigail Breslin: Well I’d never really done music before, except for, you know, church Christmas parties and stuff like that. I’d never sung that much before, so it was definitely nerve-racking to come in — especially with Alessandro, who was such a good guitar player and singer. So that was definitely nerve-racking, but at the same time it was a lot of fun and it kind of inspired me to learn more. I taught myself guitar and took more vocal lessons, and now I actually have my own band; so that’s kind of cool.How’s that going?It’s going well. The band’s going good. It’s called CABB, with two “b”s, and actually our first song is coming out today and it’s called “Well Wishes.”What kind of music do you play? “Who are your influences?”[Laughs] Who are my influences! I kind of like… I love Adele, I love Foster the People, Regina Spektor, Ingrid Michaelson, The Vaccines. And then my best friend, who’s also in the band, she kind of likes different stuff, like Lady Gaga; so it’s kind of like a merger of the two.Is music something you might consider pursuing as well as acting?Yeah, I mean definitely. We’re working on an album right now. It’s definitely something that I love doing and can hopefully, you know, do both.You and Alessandro kind of have a bond on screen — did you become close off-screen to get that dynamic?Well, I mean, the first time we met was on set — except, actually my brother Spencer did a movie with Alessandro’s wife, Emily, so we met when I was three. [Laughs] I don’t think we “met.” So when we first met on set, one of the first scenes we did was a very awkward and uncomfortable “first meeting” scene, and it kind of worked out well — as we got to know each other, as the characters got to know each other, we got to know each other in real life. So that was kind of cool.You first meet him in Little Rock. Was that a coincidence, or did you have that written into the script?[Laughs] No! Because of my character in Zombieland?Yeah.Well, what’s interesting is that while I was filming Zombieland I was reading this script, and my character was “Little Rock,” so… [laughs] I actually really like the city Little Rock in real life.You need to find a way to work this into all of your films.[Laughs] Exactly. I need to find a way. It’ll be like a thing. Every movie that you see of mine will have, like, “Little Rock Dry Cleaning” or something like that.And then you’ll know it’s an “Abigail Breslin Film.”Then you’ll know — you will know. [Laughs]You can go back into your old films and have it digitally inserted.Yeah, I know! [Laughs] I need to go back into all of them. You’ll see Little Miss Sunshine and instead of it being at, like, Redondo Beach, it’ll say “Welcome to Little Rock” in a really cheesy voiceover. It’ll sound really bad, but it’ll work!Looking at your film choices since your Oscar nomination, you seem to be taking pretty varied roles — from Zombieland to character work in Rango and now this — is there a plan to it?I don’t really have a set plan of what I feel like I should do, but I definitely like to play characters that I’ve never played before, and do different ones. I just feel like I’d get bored playing the same character over and over again. So I do try and do different roles, but there’s no set plan. I just go script-by-script, and if I like the character and the story, and if it’s a character that I’d want to know in real life, then that’s sort of why I do it.Janie Jones is released in theaters and on VOD this week.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"monsters, Review, crime, york","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/sf.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-abigail-breslin"},{"id":"47509064365275","title":"Video: Bryan Cranston Debunks Urban Legends","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Bryan Cranston Debunks Urban Legendsby Grae Drake | May 15, 2014 |  CommentsGodzilla roars into theaters this week, bringing along with him Bryan Cranston, Aaron Taylor-Johnston, Elizabeth Olsen, Ken Watanabe, and director Gareth Edwards. Grae Drake speaks to them about working with computer-generated co-stars, conspiracy theories, and Godzilla’s kind eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"italian, 4/20, Family, TV, Guide, Tyler, concert, Larson, 007, Bravo, Reality, Spike","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-bryan-cranston-debunks-urban-legends"},{"id":"47508938354849","title":"2020 Winter TV Scorecard","content":"(Photo by Amazon Prime Video)2020 Winter&nbsp;TV ScorecardUpdated as of&nbsp;March 22, 2020We’ve tracked the best (and worst) cold-weather TV and streaming offerings since mid-December, gathering a list of all the premieres this season – series, miniseries, and TV movies across cable, broadcast, and streaming – and ranked them by Tomatometer. And now it’s time to say goodbye. We’ve closed down the list as of March 19, the last day of winter.The&nbsp;final list of 110 titles includes every eligible new TV season or streaming movie that premiered since December 13, with highlights like The Witcher on Netflix, AMC’s&nbsp;Better Call Saul,&nbsp;The Expanse on Amazon Prime Video, Star Trek: Picard on CBS All Access, the final season of&nbsp;Schitt’s Creek on Pop,&nbsp;Freeform’s&nbsp;Party of Five, HBO’s&nbsp;The New Pope,&nbsp;9-1-1: Lone Star on Fox,&nbsp;Awkwafina Is Nora From Queens on Comedy Central,&nbsp;Katy Keene on The CW,&nbsp;Briarpatch on USA Network,&nbsp;Mythic Quest: Raven’s Banquet on Apple TV+, the final season of Homeland on Showtime,&nbsp;High Fidelity on Hulu,&nbsp;Outlander on Starz,&nbsp;Togo on Disney+, and more!To be included, each&nbsp;TV show on the list must have&nbsp;received at least 10 critic reviews, while TV movies had to have at least 20 reviews. So if you’re wondering why your favorite show or TV movie isn’t on here, it likely just doesn’t yet have enough reviews to qualify under our criteria. And remember: a Certified Fresh badge generally means that a show or film has earned the respect of&nbsp; the majority of&nbsp;reviewers weighing in (at least 20 for a TV season and 40 for films), including some of the industry’s top critics.Just added: Visible: Out on Television (miniseries), Queen Sono: season 1, Brockmire: season 4, Motherland: Fort Salem: season 1, Feel Good: season 1DC's Legends of Tomorrow: Season 5 (2020)#110Adjusted Score: -0.328% Synopsis: A time-traveling rogue assembles a group of heroes and villains to prevent the world's destruction.... [More]Starring: Victor Garber, Brandon Routh, Arthur Darvill, Caity LotzDirected By: David Geddes#109The Last Thing He Wanted (2020) 5%#109Adjusted Score: 6.621% Critics Consensus: It'll be the last thing most viewers want, too.Synopsis: At the tipping point of the Iran Contra affair's arms for drugs plot, hardscrabble news journalist Elena McMahon finds herself... [More]Starring: Anne Hathaway, Rosie Perez, Ben Affleck, Edi GathegiDirected By: Dee Rees#108Tyler Perry's A Fall from Grace (2020) 16%#108Adjusted Score: 16.17% Critics Consensus: Drama for drama's sake does not a great movie make, but boy is it fun to watch A Fall From Grace unravel.Synopsis: Grace Waters (Crystal Fox), a longtime pillar of her Virginia community, stays composed when her ex weds his mistress and... [More]Starring: Crystal Fox, Phylicia Rashad, Mehcad Brooks, Bresha WebbDirected By: Tyler PerryIndebted: Season 1 (2020) 25%#107Adjusted Score: 24.578% Critics Consensus: Despite its top talent, Indebted isn't a bill worth paying.Synopsis: Dave's parents gave him everything growing up. Now, that they're retired, he must return the favor. Dave and his wife... [More]Starring: Adam Pally, Abby Elliott, Fran Drescher, Steven WeberDirected By: Andy AckermanLincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector: Season 1 (2020) 36%#106Adjusted Score: 32.444% Critics Consensus: With as many narrative threads as words in its title, Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector buries a compelling Russell Hornsby in a pile of plot.Synopsis: A notorious serial killer plays a deadly game of cat and mouse with two skilled New York cops. Former NYPD... [More]Starring: Russell Hornsby, Arielle Kebbel, Michael Imperioli, Courtney GrosbeckDirected By: Melanie Mayron, Gary Fleder, Ruba Nadda, Jono OliverThe Goop Lab with Gwyneth Paltrow: Season 1 (2020) 30%#105Adjusted Score: 31.458% Critics Consensus: Though it benefits from Paltrow's charms, The Goop Lab's pseudoscience holds little water and its stiff format is often more boring than enlightening.Synopsis: A curiosity-driven exploration of boundary-pushing wellness topics -- brought to you by Gwyneth Paltrow's lifestyle site, goop.... [More]Starring: Gwyneth PaltrowSticks and Stones: Series 1 (2019) 40%#104Adjusted Score: 35.943% Critics Consensus: Sticks and Stones may not break any bones, but its mundane melodrama may hurt your viewing experience.Synopsis: A psychological drama about a competitive middle manager at a business park in Reading.... [More]Starring: Ken Nwosu, Ritu Arya, Alexandra Roach, Gwilym LeeThe Academy Awards: 92nd Oscars (2020) 33%#103Adjusted Score: 33.72% Critics Consensus: Parasite's sweep and some strong performances -- including the singular Janelle Monáe's opening number -- couldn't save a listless ceremony from its own host-less chaos.Starring: Janelle Monáe, Tom Hanks, Jane FondaGolden Globes: 77th Golden Globe Awards (2020) 35%#102Adjusted Score: 35.639% Critics Consensus: An apathetic performance from Ricky Gervais can't quite sink the 77th Golden Globes, but scattered moments of hope, from unexpected winners to heart-felt speeches, can't quite save it either.Starring:#1016 Underground (2019) 36%#101Adjusted Score: 39.323% Critics Consensus: 6 Underground is loud, frenetic, and finally preposterous -- which is either bad news or a hearty recommendation, depending how one feels about the movies of Michael Bay.Synopsis: What's the best part of being dead? It isn't escaping your boss, your ex, or even erasing your criminal record.... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Mélanie Laurent, Corey Hawkins, Adria ArjonaDirected By: Michael Bay#100Spenser Confidential (2020) 37%#100Adjusted Score: 39.931% Critics Consensus: While the buddy cops at the center of Spenser Confidential are plenty affable, the comedy never arrives as this half-hearted vehicle goes purely through the motions.Synopsis: Spenser (Mark Wahlberg) -- an ex-cop better known for making trouble than solving it -- just got out of prison... [More]Starring: Mark Wahlberg, Winston Duke, Alan Arkin, Iliza ShlesingerDirected By: Peter BergDeputy: Season 1 (2020) 40%#99Adjusted Score: 40.229% Critics Consensus: While those looking for a stylish new procedural with a few unexpected nuances will find much to like, Deputy sticks too closely to its genre guns to break any new ground.Synopsis: Deputy Bill Hollister is a career lawman who's very comfortable kicking down doors and utterly lost in a staff meeting.... [More]Starring: Stephen Dorff, Yara Martinez, Bex Taylor-Klaus, Brian Van HoltMad About You: Season 1 (2019) 42%#98Adjusted Score: 42.707% Critics Consensus: While Helen Hunt and Paul Reiser's chemistry remains charmingly in tact, Mad About You's relevance does not.Synopsis: Paul and Jamie grapple with empty-nest syndrome now that their 17 year-old daughter, Mabel, is admitted to college.... [More]Starring: Paul Reiser, Helen Hunt, Abby Quinn, John PankowUtopia Falls: Season 1 (2020) 43%#97Adjusted Score: 43.147% Critics Consensus: Undoubtedly original, but unfortunately bland, Utopia Falls's attempts at social commentary too closely resemble an after school special to make an impact.Synopsis: Hundreds of years in the future, in the last living colony on earth, a city called New Babyl, twenty-four teenage... [More]Starring: Robyn Alomar, Akiel Julien, Robbie Graham Kuntz, Phillip LewitskiMessiah: Season 1 (2019) 46%#96Adjusted Score: 47.516% Critics Consensus: A promising premise and superb ensemble can't save Messiah from its own bland storytelling.Synopsis: A wary CIA officer investigates a charismatic man who sparks a spiritual movement and stirs political unrest. A fictional story... [More]Starring: Michelle Monaghan, Abby Glover, Mehdi Dehbi, John OrtizAmazing Stories: Season 1 (2020) 40%#95Adjusted Score: 41.867% Critics Consensus: While Amazing Stories' aspirations are admirable, it feels more like a dated retread than a heartfelt reboot.Synopsis: A reimagining of the original anthology series by Steven Spielberg, each episode of \"Amazing Stories\" will transport the audience to... [More]Starring: Kerry Bishé, Austin Stowell, Whitney Coleman, Edward BurnsDirected By: Sylvain White, Susanna Fogel, Michael Dinner, Chris LongAJ and the Queen: Season 1 (2020) 52%#94Adjusted Score: 52.72% Critics Consensus: Though it doesn't always come together, AJ and the Queen is a sweet, sometimes off-the wall adventure that's fun to watch even when it's fumbling.Synopsis: While traveling across the country in a run-down RV, drag queen Ruby Red discovers an unlikely sidekick in AJ: a... [More]Starring: RuPaul, Michael Leon Wooley, Izzy G., Michael-Leon Wooley#93A Christmas Carol (2019) 52%#93Adjusted Score: 52.15% Critics Consensus: This radical retelling of Charles Dickens' classic parable struggles to justify its oppressive tone and edgy flourishes, although Guy Pearce is suitably haunting as the haunted Ebenezer Scrooge.Synopsis: An original take on Dickens's iconic ghost story by Steven Knight, A Christmas Carol is a spine-tingling immersion into Scrooge's... [More]Starring: Guy Pearce, Andy Serkis, Stephen Graham, Charlotte RileyDirected By: Nick MurphyVienna Blood: Series 1 (2019) 54%#92Adjusted Score: 54.168% Critics Consensus: Though it rarely rises above 'watchable,' fans of period crime series may enjoy passing time with Vienna Blood's charismatic cast anyway.Synopsis: As part of his research in understanding the criminal mind, junior doctor Max Liebermann is given permission to trail Inspector... [More]Starring: Matthew Beard, Juergen Maurer, Conleth Hill, Charlene McKennaInterrogation: Season 1 (2020) 57%#91Adjusted Score: 57.147% Critics Consensus: Interrogation's \"interactive\" qualities are interesting, but ultimately get in the way of what could be a satisfying dramatic experience.Synopsis: NTERROGATION is based on a true story that spanned more than 30 years, in which a young man was charged... [More]Starring: Peter Sarsgaard, Kyle Gallner, David Strathairn, Vincent D'OnofrioMotherland: Fort Salem (2020) 69%#90Synopsis: Three young women trained in combat magic prepare for a terrifying and thrilling early deployment in a world where traditional... [More]Starring: Taylor Hickson, Jessica Sutton, Amalia Holm BjelkeDAVE: Season 1 (2020) 72%#89Adjusted Score: 72.475% Critics Consensus: Though Lil Dicky fans will find much to like, Dave's superficial plotting and juvenile sense of humor is unlikely to garner any new love.Synopsis: Dave is a neurotic man in his late twenties who's convinced that he's destined to be a great rapper, perhaps... [More]Starring: YG, Lil Dicky, Justin Bieber, Taylor MisiakCobra: Season 1 (2020) 64%#88Adjusted Score: 57.677% Critics Consensus: Despite being predictable and a bit uneven, Cobra's great cast and intriguing premise deliver an electrifying and bingeable first season.Starring: Robert Carlyle, Victoria Hamilton, Richard Dormer, David HaigSanditon: Season 1 (2019) 63%#87Adjusted Score: 64.696% Critics Consensus: Despite a strong start, Sanditon's soapy drama quickly dissolves into nothing more than just another beautiful, melodramatic period piece.Synopsis: Adaptation of the unfinished novel by Jane Austen.... [More]Starring: Alexandra Roach, Rose Williams, Crystal Clarke, Theo JamesSpinning Out: Season 1 (2020) 59%#86Adjusted Score: 59.393% Critics Consensus: Though at times more melodramatic than meaningful, Spinning Out's campy, guilty-pleasure exterior hides a surprisingly thoughtful exploration of living with a mental illness.Synopsis: A figure skating Olympic hopeful struggles to balance love, family and fragile mental health as her dream of winning takes... [More]Starring: Kaya Scodelario, Johnny Weir, Sarah Wright, Will KempHunters: Season 1 (2020) 64%#85Adjusted Score: 71.93% Critics Consensus: Propelled by a strong cast and even stronger sense of justice, Hunters' stylish first season doesn't always hit the mark, but when it does, it strikes pulpy paydirt.Synopsis: From Executive Producer Jordan Peele, Hunters, follows a rag-tag team of Nazi Hunters on their quest for righteous revenge in... [More]Starring: Al Pacino, Logan Lerman, Jerrika Hinton, Josh RadnorTommy: Season 1 (2020) 68%#84Adjusted Score: 68.802% Critics Consensus: Though Tommy at times undermines unexpected twists with predictable solutions, it's still a decent new procedural thanks to the endlessly watchable Edie Falco.Synopsis: NYPD officer Abigail \"Tommy\" Thomas becomes the first female Chief of Police in Los Angeles.... [More]Starring: Edie Falco, Adelaide Clemens, David Fierro, Joseph Lyle TaylorAvenue 5: Season 1 (2020) 67%#83Adjusted Score: 70.178% Critics Consensus: If Avenue 5's maiden voyage isn't as smooth as its creative clout implies, it's still a hilarious step in a completely new -- while still enjoyably caustic -- direction for creator Armando Iannucci.Synopsis: A sci-fi comedy following the passengers and crew onboard a space cruise ship that experiences technical difficulties during its eight-week... [More]Starring: Hugh Laurie, Suzy Nakamura, Rebecca Front, Zach WoodsDirected By: Peter Fellows, Armando Iannucci, David Schneider, Jon Brown#82Troop Zero (2020) 68%#82Adjusted Score: 70.042% Critics Consensus: Thanks to a charming cast and infectious energy, Troop Zero is more than the sum of its instantly familiar parts.Synopsis: In rural 1977 Georgia, a misfit girl (Mckenna Grace) dreams of life in outer space. When a national competition offers... [More]Starring: Viola Davis, McKenna Grace, Jim Gaffigan, Mike EppsDirected By: Bert &amp; BertieLocke &amp; Key: Season 1 (2020) 66%#81Adjusted Score: 69.998% Critics Consensus: Though Locke &amp; Key at times struggles to strike a consistent tone, it captures enough of the essence of its source material to provide a fiendishly fun and sufficiently spooky time.Synopsis: Based on the comic book, this drama follows three siblings who return to their family home, only to realize that... [More]Starring: Darby Stanchfield, Jackson Robert Scott, Connor Jessup, Emilia JonesThe Witcher: Season 1 (2019) 67%#80Adjusted Score: 73.997% Critics Consensus: Though the world of The Witcher at times feels only half-formed, Henry Cavill brings brawny charisma to a series teeming with subversive fantasy elements and dark humor.Synopsis: Geralt of Rivia, a mutated monster-hunter for hire, journeys toward his destiny in a turbulent world where people often prove... [More]Starring: Henry Cavill, Anya Chalotra, Freya Allan, Jodhi MayDirected By: Tomasz Baginski#79All the Bright Places (2020) 64%#79Adjusted Score: 64.825% Critics Consensus: Though it at times buckles under the emotional weight of its source material, All The Bright Place succeeds on the strength of Elle Fanning and Justice Smith's charming and tender performances.Synopsis: Based on the internationally bestselling novel by Jennifer Niven, All The Bright Places tells the story of Violet Markey (Elle... [More]Starring: Elle Fanning, Justice Smith, Alexandra Shipp, Keegan-Michael KeyDirected By: Brett Haley#78Stargirl (2020) 68%#78Adjusted Score: 68.919% Critics Consensus: Stargirl's feel-good story hits familiar coming-of-age beats, but self-assured performances and an earnest mission worn proudly make it a tune worth listening to.Synopsis: Leo Borlock (Graham Verchere) is an average student at Mica High School. He gets decent grades, is a member of... [More]Starring: Grace VanderWaal, Graham Verchere, Giancarlo Esposito, Maximiliano HernandezDirected By: Julia Hart#77Lost Girls (2020) 73%#77Adjusted Score: 74.574% Critics Consensus: Raw yet rewarding, Lost Girls overcomes uneven storytelling with powerful performances and a willingness to resist easy catharsis.Synopsis: When 24-year-old Shannan Gilbert mysteriously disappears one night, her mother Mari (Academy Award (R) nominee Amy Ryan) embarks on a... [More]Starring: Amy Ryan, Thomasin McKenzie, Gabriel Byrne, Dean WintersDirected By: Liz GarbusDracula: Season 1 (2019) 71%#76Adjusted Score: 74.942% Critics Consensus: A delicious blend of horror and humor that more-or-less balances modern sensibilities and the character's beloved legacy, Dracula is a frighteningly fun -- if not always faithful -- time.Synopsis: The Count Dracula legend transforms with new tales that flesh out the vampire's gory crimes -- and bring his vulnerability... [More]Starring: Claes Bang, John Heffernan, Tim Ingall, Clive RussellDirected By: Jonny Campbell, Paul McGuigan#75Horse Girl (2020) 71%#75Adjusted Score: 72.714% Critics Consensus: Horse Girl proves unwilling or unable to explore the deeper themes it addresses, but this unusual drama is anchored by Alison Brie's committed performance.Synopsis: Sarah (Alison Brie), a socially isolated arts and crafts store employee, finds herself more content in the company of horses... [More]Starring: Alison Brie, Debby Ryan, John Reynolds, Molly ShannonDirected By: Jeff Baena#74The Aeronauts (2019) 72%#74Adjusted Score: 79.647% Critics Consensus: Thrilling visuals and the substantial chemistry of its well-matched leads make The Aeronauts an adventure well worth taking.Synopsis: In 1862, daredevil balloon pilot Amelia Wren (Felicity Jones) teams up with pioneering meteorologist James Glaisher (Eddie Redmayne) to advance... [More]Starring: Eddie Redmayne, Felicity Jones, Tom Courtenay, Vincent PerezDirected By: Tom Harper9-1-1: Lone Star: Season 1 (2019) 75%#73Adjusted Score: 75.078% Critics Consensus: If not as outlandishly fun as its predecessor, 9-1-1: Lone Star still packs an entertaining punch and is a great showcase for the handsomely self-aware Rob Lowe.Synopsis: A New York cop and his son relocate from New York City to Austin, Texas.... [More]Starring: Rob Lowe, Liv Tyler, Billy Burke, Ronen RubinsteinDirected By: Bradley Buecker, John J. GrayThe Most Dangerous Animal of All: Season 1 (2020) 73%#72Adjusted Score: 65.788% Critics Consensus: Bloated, but intriguing, The Most Dangerous Animal of All's commitment to the truth makes it a solid first step into the true crime field for FX.Synopsis: Based on The New York Times best-selling book of the same name, The Most Dangerous Animal of All is a... [More]Starring:Love Is Blind: Season 1 (2020) 68%#71Adjusted Score: 69.294% Critics Consensus: Addictive, but problematic, Love Is Blind is undeniably binge-able, but its version of romance often comes off more toxic than aspirational.Synopsis: In the Netflix series LOVE IS BLIND, singles who want to be loved for who they are, rather than what... [More]Starring: Nick LacheyZoey's Extraordinary Playlist: Season 1 (2020) 76%#70Adjusted Score: 77.786% Critics Consensus: Though it hits the occasional sour note, Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist manages to carry a pretty enjoyable tune, thanks in large part to the always charming Jane Levy.Synopsis: At the beginning of Season 1 of this musical comedy, Zoey Clarke (Jane Levy) decides to get an MRI fearing... [More]Starring: Jane Levy, Skylar Astin, Peter Gallagher, Alex NewellKiller Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez: Season 1 (2020) 67%#69Adjusted Score: 67.475% Critics Consensus: Though it can't help but feel a little incomplete given the circumstances, The Killer Inside crafts a compelling overview of a series of tragic events.Synopsis: As a gifted young football athlete from Bristol, Connecticut, Aaron Hernandez had capitalized rapidly on his promise, playing for a... [More]Starring:#68To All the Boys: P.S. I Still Love You (2020) 75%#68Adjusted Score: 77.416% Critics Consensus: To All the Boys: P.S. I Still Love You may feel like little more than an amiable postscript to its predecessor, but fans of the original should still find this a swoonworthy sequel.Synopsis: It's a new year and Lara Jean (Lana Condor) and Peter (Noah Centineo) are no longer pretending to be a... [More]Starring: Sarayu Rao, Holland Taylor, Noah Centineo, Lana CondorDirected By: Michael FimognariLittle Fires Everywhere: Season 1 (2020) 78%#67Adjusted Score: 83.472% Critics Consensus: Though Little Fires Everywhere at times plays it too safe, sparks fly when it lets well-matched leads Kerry Washington and Reese Witherspoon dig into the difficult questions it does dare to ask.Synopsis: Based on Celeste Ng's 2017 bestseller, Little Fires Everywhere follows the intertwined fates of the picture-perfect Richardson family and an... [More]Starring: Rosemarie DeWitt, Reese Witherspoon, Kerry Washington, Jade PettyjohnBriarpatch: Season 1 (2020) 79%#66Adjusted Score: 80.294% Critics Consensus: Briarpatch's ambiance is at times more intriguing than the simmering mystery at its center, but a captivating Rosario Dawson and surreal setting ensure it's never less than watchable.Synopsis: Briarpatch follows Allegra Dill (Rosario Dawson), a dogged investigator returning to her border-town Texas home after her sister is murdered.... [More]Starring: Rosario Dawson, Jay R. Ferguson, Brian Geraghty, Edi GathegiDoctor Who: Season 12 (2020) 78%#65Adjusted Score: 51.123% Critics Consensus: Doctor Who's twelfth outing adds welcome nuances to Jodie Whittaker's Doctor and some scary new layers of horror to some of the series' most terrifying villains.Synopsis: Kicking off 2020, the Thirteenth Doctor (Jodie Whittaker) returns, resuming her time-and-space travels with friends Ryan (Tosin Cole), Yasmin (Mandip... [More]Starring: Jodie Whittaker, Pearl Mackie, Matt Lucas, Bradley WalshDirected By: Wayne Yip, Lee Haven Jones, Emma SullivanThe Pale Horse: Miniseries (2020) 79%#64Adjusted Score: 80.294% Critics Consensus: Though The Pale Horse bristles with brutal thrills, it's convoluted mystery at times sedates the suspenseful proceedings.Synopsis: When a murder investigation is launched into the death of a young woman, a mysterious list of names is discovered... [More]Starring: Rufus Sewell, Kaya Scodelario, Bertie Carvel, Sean PertweeHillary: Season 1 (2020) 80%#63Adjusted Score: 83.506% Critics Consensus: Hillary faces the impossible task of consolidating a full life into four hours -- still, it serves as an insightful, often powerful exploration of Hillary Clinton's life and legacy.Synopsis: A documentary series about the life and 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Rodham Clinton.... [More]Starring: Hillary Clinton, Bill ClintonThe Circle: Season 1 (2020) 81%#62Adjusted Score: 81.311% Critics Consensus: Strangely earnest, The Circle at times struggles to find the drama, but those looking for a weirdly compelling social experiment may find themselves more invested than expected.Synopsis: Status and strategy collide in this social experiment and competition show where online players flirt, befriend and catfish their way... [More]Starring: Michelle Buteau, Sophie Willan, Emma Willis, Maya JamaAwkwafina is Nora From Queens: Season 1 (2020) 81%#61Adjusted Score: 82.54% Critics Consensus: Nora From Queens showcases Awkwafina's charming brashness and surrounds her with an equally delightful cast -- especially scene stealer Lori Tan Chinn -- but it could stand to walk a less familiar comedic beat.Synopsis: Creator and writer Awkwafina (The Farewell, Crazy Rich Asians) stars in the half-hour scripted comedy inspired by her real-life growing... [More]Starring: Awkwafina, B.D. Wong, Lori Tan ChinnDevs: Season 1 (2020) 81%#60Adjusted Score: 87.046% Critics Consensus: A hauntingly beautiful meditation on humanity, Devs' slow unfurling may test some viewers patience, but fans of Alex Garland's singular talents will find much to chew on.Synopsis: A young computer engineer investigates the secretive development division of her employer, a cutting-edge tech company based in San Francisco,... [More]Starring: Sonoya Mizuno, Nick Offerman, Jin Ha, Zach GrenierShrill: Season 2 (2020) 82%#59Adjusted Score: 82.393% Critics Consensus: If a bit too slight, Shrill continues Annie's journey of self discovery with compassion while also shining a welcome spotlight on some of the show's strong side characters.Synopsis: From Executive Producers Lorne Michaels and Elizabeth Banks comes Shrill, a comedy series starring Aidy Bryant (Saturday Night Live) as... [More]Starring: Aidy Bryant, Lolly Adefope, Ian Owens, Luka JonesWestworld: Season 3 (2020) 73%#58Adjusted Score: 77.489% Critics Consensus: Westworld successfully reboots itself by broadening its scope while tightening its storytelling clarity -- although some may feel that the soul has been stripped from this machine in the process.Synopsis: The third season of the drama series starts about three months after the ending of Season 2. Dolores (Evan Rachel... [More]Starring: Evan Rachel Wood, Anthony Hopkins, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey WrightDirected By: Anna Foerster, Jennifer Getzinger, Helen Shaver, Amanda MarsalisThe Outsider: Season 1 (2020) 91%#57Adjusted Score: 95.817% Critics Consensus: Though The Outsider's slow burn isn't always satisfying, it remains watchable thanks to its excellent performances -- especially series standout Cynthia Erivo.Synopsis: Adaptation of Stephen King's novel about the investigation of the gruesome murder of a boy in the Georgia woods and... [More]Starring: Ben Mendelsohn, Cynthia Erivo, Jason Bateman, Bill CampDirected By: Karyn Kusama, Jason Bateman, Charlotte Brandstrom, J.D. DillardLost in Space: Season 2 (2019) 85%#56Adjusted Score: 85.168% Critics Consensus: Gorgeous effects and a simple, solid, story help Lost in Space's second season find itself on stronger ground.Synopsis: There's more danger -- and adventure -- ahead for the Robinson family! With the Jupiter 2 stranded on a mysterious... [More]Starring: Toby Stephens, Molly Parker, Ignacio Serricchio, Taylor RussellThe Murders at White House Farm: Season 1 (2020) 82%#55Adjusted Score: 82.393% Critics Consensus: Tense and thrilling, White House Farm teeters on too long, but maintains its hold with gripping performances and glossy production values.Synopsis: Factual drama based on the notorious Whitehouse Farm murders, and the ensuing police investigation and court case.... [More]Starring: Stephen Graham, Freddie Fox, Cressida Bonas, Mark AddyThe Stranger: Season 1 (2020) 83%#54Adjusted Score: 83.966% Critics Consensus: If not quite as addicting as its source material, The Stranger has a strong cast and enough tension to keep viewers on the edge of their seats.Synopsis: Adam Price is a happily married father of two whose life is turned upside-down after a stranger tells him a... [More]Starring: Richard Armitage, Hannah John-Kamen, Siobhan Finneran, Dervla KirwanDirected By: Daniel O'HaraDare Me: Season 1 (2019) 85%#53Adjusted Score: 86.336% Critics Consensus: Visceral, if at times vapid, Dare Me's slow-burning thriller pairs nicely with its moody atmospherics to create a deft exploration of the interiority of teen life.Synopsis: Peering behind the all-American facade, the series dives into the cutthroat world of competitive high school cheerleading. It follows the... [More]Starring: Herizen Guardiola, Marlo Kelly, Willa Fitzgerald, Zach RoerigBreeders: Season 1 (2020) 83%#52Adjusted Score: 84.867% Critics Consensus: A provocative addition to the growing slate of shows about parents behaving badly, Breeders' take on the realities of child-rearing are as hilarious as they are cringe-inducing.Synopsis: Breeders explores the paradox that every parent knows but never admits: you would willingly die for your children, but quite... [More]Starring: Martin Freeman, Daisy Haggard, George Wakeman, Jayda EylesDispatches from Elsewhere: Season 1 (2020) 86%#51Adjusted Score: 88.031% Critics Consensus: A weird and whimsical journey into the unknown, Dispatches from Elsewhere's experimental approach doesn't always coalesce, but committed performances and a genuine sense of wonder make it a trip worth taking.Synopsis: A group of ordinary people stumble onto a puzzle hiding just behind the veil of everyday life.... [More]Starring: André Benjamin, Jason Segel, Jayson Ward Williams, Sally FieldNext in Fashion: Season 1 (2020) 85%#50Adjusted Score: 85.065% Critics Consensus: Familiar, but in a fresh way, Next in Fashion may not rewrite the rules of fashion competition shows, but exciting new talent and Tan France and Alexa Chungs winning chemistry make it worth tuning in.Synopsis: Designers team up to create visionary looks that work for absolutely everyone in this competition series hosted by Alexa Chung... [More]Starring: Tan France, Alexa Chung, Elizabeth StewartHomeland: Season 8 (2020) 85%#49Adjusted Score: 86.13% Critics Consensus: Homeland returns to form with a tautly thrilling final season that fittingly finishes the job Carrie Mathison started all those years ago.Synopsis: In the final season, Carrie Mathison is recovering from brutal confinement in a Russian gulag. Her body is healing, but... [More]Starring: Claire Danes, Mandy Patinkin, Elizabeth Marvel, Maury SterlingDirected By: Michael Klick, Lesli Linka Glatter, Tucker Gates, Michael CuestaAltered Carbon: Season 2 (2020) 83%#48Adjusted Score: 84.867% Critics Consensus: While not quite there yet, a clearer sense of purpose and more defined characters push Altered Carbon's sophomore season one step closer to the brilliance of its source material.Synopsis: Season Two begins 30 years after the epic conclusion of Season One, and finds Takeshi Kovacs (Anthony Mackie), the lone... [More]Starring: Martha Higareda, Tamara Taylor, Antonio Marziale, Joel KinnamanHigh Fidelity: Season 1 (2020) 86%#47Adjusted Score: 90.817% Critics Consensus: Though it skips the occasional beat, High Fidelity's fresh take on a familiar track is as witty as it is emotionally charged, giving a curmudgeonly charming Zoë Kravitz plenty of room to shine.Synopsis: A female record-store owner in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, uses music to reflect on past relationships in this TV adaptation of... [More]Starring: Zoë Kravitz, David Holmes, David H. Holmes, Da'Vine Joy RandolphZeroZeroZero: Season 1 (2020) 94%#46Adjusted Score: 95.786% Critics Consensus: An addictive thriller whose greatest weakness is that it is at times too withholding, ZeroZeroZero will stick with you long after the credits roll.Synopsis: A huge shipment of cocaine traveling from South America to Europe brings clashes between rival groups of cartels, mafias and... [More]Starring: Andrea Riseborough, Dane DeHaan, Gabriel Byrne, Giuseppe De DomenicoDirected By: Stefano Sollima, Pablo TraperoFor Life: Season 1 (2020) 86%#45Adjusted Score: 86.147% Critics Consensus: Guided by Nicholas Pinnock's powerful performance, For Life eschews procedural pitfalls with a sturdy, empathetic script and an impressive ensemble to bring it to life.Synopsis: A wrongly convicted prison inmate becomes a lawyer in hopes of overturning his life sentence. His quest for freedom is... [More]Starring: Nicholas Pinnock, Indira Varma, Joy Bryant, Mary Stuart MastersonDirected By: Darnell Martin, George Tillman Jr.Deadwater Fell: Series 1 (2020) 88%#44Adjusted Score: 88.966% Critics Consensus: A disturbing new mystery reminiscent of Broadchurch, Deadwater Fell is gripping, even if the plot doesn't always hold water.Synopsis: Dark crime thriller.... [More]Starring: David Tennant, Maureen Beattie, Stuart Bowman, Laurie BrettI Am Not Okay With This: Season 1 (2020) 87%#43Adjusted Score: 91.571% Critics Consensus: As awkward and charming as adolescence, but with twice the supernatural twists, I Am Not Okay With This' first season at times veers into shallow territory, but Sophia Lillis' strong performance keeps it afloat.Synopsis: I Am Not Okay With This is an irreverent origin story that follows a teenage girl who's navigating the trials... [More]Starring: Sophia Lillis, Wyatt Oleff, Sofia Bryant, Kathleen Rose PerkinsNarcos: Mexico: Season 2 (2020) 81%#42Adjusted Score: 81.311% Critics Consensus: As addictive -- and relevant -- as ever, Narcos: México's sophomore season is definitely more violent, but it never spoils the rich drama fans have come to love.Synopsis: Narcos: Mexico season 2 continues the story of Miguel Ángel ​Félix Gallardo, now the Godfather of the first Mexican cartel... [More]Starring: Michael Peña, Tenoch Huerta Mejía, Diego Luna, Scoot McNairyMcMillions: Season 1 (2020) 89%#41Adjusted Score: 90.949% Critics Consensus: Like something out of a movie, McMillions effectively -- if not always artfully -- captures the chaos of this once-in-a-lifetime, very real con and the colorful cast of characters at its center.Synopsis: The story of an ex-cop turned security auditor who rigged McDonald's Monopoly game promotion for a decade, stealing millions of... [More]Starring:Directed By: James Lee HernandezThe Plot Against America: Season 1 (2020) 87%#40Adjusted Score: 92.227% Critics Consensus: A cautionary tale that hits close to home, The Plot Against America's handsomely realized revisionist history is disturbingly relevant, making it difficult, but essential viewing.Synopsis: Adaptation of Philip Roth's novel that imagines an alternate American history, as seen by a working-class Jewish family in New... [More]Starring: Winona Ryder, John Turturro, Zoe Kazan, Anthony BoyleDirected By: Thomas SchlammeStar Trek: Picard: Season 1 (2020) 87%#39Adjusted Score: 91.653% Critics Consensus: Anchored by the incomparable Patrick Stewart, Picard departs from standard Starfleet protocol with a slower, serialized story, but like all great Star Trek it tackles timely themes with grace and makes for an exciting push further into the final frontier.Synopsis: At the end of the 24th Century, and 14 years after his retirement from Starfleet, Jean-Luc Picard (Sir Patrick Stewart)... [More]Starring: Patrick Stewart, Alison Pill, Evan Evagora, Harry Treadaway#38Timmy Failure: Mistakes Were Made (2020) 84%#38Adjusted Score: 84.451% Critics Consensus: A fun, fast paced film for all, Timmy Failure: Mistakes Were Made celebrates the power of imagination with a delightful sense of humor and just the right amount of bears.Synopsis: Based on the best-selling book by Stephan Pastis, the Disney+ original movie \"Timmy Failure: Mistakes Were Made\" follows the hilarious... [More]Starring: Kyle Bornheimer, Ophelia Lovibond, Chloe Coleman, Winslow FegleyDirected By: Tom McCarthyMythic Quest: Raven's Banquet (2020) 89%#37Adjusted Score: 91.113% Critics Consensus: While it relies too heavily on the workplace comedy formula, Mythic Quest: Raven's Banquet is nonetheless hilarious and stands out for exploring the gaming industry with intelligence, thoughtfulness, and sincerity.Synopsis: \"Mythic Quest: Raven's Banquet\" follows a team of video game developers as they navigate the challenges of running a popular... [More]Starring: Rob McElhenney, F. Murray Abraham, Danny Pudi, Imani HakimYou: Season 2 (2019) 88%#36Adjusted Score: 90.774% Critics Consensus: Penn Badgley's perversely endearing serial stalker keeps looking for love in all the wrong places during a second season that maintains the subversive tension while adding some welcome variations on the series' formula.Synopsis: The dark drama returns for its second season, with Joe now laying low and hiding from his ex in LA.... [More]Starring: Victoria Pedretti, Penn Badgley, Elizabeth Lail, Luca Padovan#35The Two Popes (2019) 89%#35Adjusted Score: 98.256% Critics Consensus: Led by outstanding performances from its well-matched leads, The Two Popes draws absorbing drama from a pivotal moment in modern organized religion.Synopsis: Frustrated with the direction of the church, Cardinal Bergoglio (Jonathan Pryce) requests permission to retire in 2012 from Pope Benedict... [More]Starring: Jonathan Pryce, Anthony Hopkins, Juan Minujín, Thomas D WilliamsDirected By: Fernando MeirellesKaty Keene: Season 1 (2020) 91%#34Adjusted Score: 91.884% Critics Consensus: Katy Keene definitely has style to spare, but its greatest strength is its warm, joyous tone that sparkles in a sea of gritty YA TV.Synopsis: Four friends and aspiring artists from Riverdale try to make it in New York City.... [More]Starring: Lucy Hale, Ashleigh Murray, Camille Hyde, Jonny BeauchampChilling Adventures of Sabrina: Part 3 (2020) 90%#33Adjusted Score: 91.376% Critics Consensus: A deliciously hellish thrill ride from start to finish, Chilling Adventures of Sabrina just keeps getting better.Synopsis: Love and loyalty are pushed to their limits as Sabrina navigates a sinister new normal -- with the help of... [More]Starring: Kiernan Shipka, Miranda Otto, Chance Perdomo, Lucy DavisThe New Pope: Season 1 (2020) 90%#32Adjusted Score: 93.014% Critics Consensus: Though its predecessor's shadow looms large, devout fans will still find much to like in The New Pope's exploration of power dynamics and sumptuous strangeness.Synopsis: Sequel to 'The Young Pope' follows Pope John Paul III as he takes over the papal throne from Pope Pius... [More]Starring: Jude Law, John Malkovich, Javier Cámara, Silvio OrlandoQueen Sono: Season 1 (2020) 91%#31Adjusted Score: 82.01% Critics Consensus: Queen Sono's twisty, taut thrills are matched with epic action sequences and soapy delights, making Netflix's first South African series a smashing good time.Synopsis: A hard-partying African female spy, assisted by her cohorts from a covert peacekeeping organization, uses her lethal skills to keep... [More]Starring: Pearl Thusi, Rob van Vuuren, Vuyo Dabula, Chi MhendeMarvel's Runaways: Season 3 (2019) 91%#30Adjusted Score: 89.948% Critics Consensus: By focusing on its strong ensemble and the character moments fans have come to love, Runaways ends its three season run on an exciting -- and surprisingly introspective -- high note.Synopsis: In an action-packed Season 3, the Runaways frantically search for their captured friends Chase, Gert, and Karolina. The kids go... [More]Starring: Rhenzy Feliz, Ariela Barer, Lyrica Okano, Gregg SulkinGentefied: Season 1 (2020) 91%#29Adjusted Score: 91.884% Critics Consensus: If at times a bit blunt, Gentefied's gente-centric approach to the realities of gentrification is as strikingly personal as it is hilariously relatable.Synopsis: Created by two Chicano first-gen writers, Gentefied is a half-hour dramatic comedy adapted from the 2017 Sundance digital darling of... [More]Starring: Joaquín Cosio, Karrie Martin#28Togo (2019) 92%#28Adjusted Score: 92.794% Critics Consensus: An endearing and exciting underdog story that benefits greatly from its stars (canine and human alike), Togo is a timeless tale, well-told.Synopsis: From Disney+, \"Togo\" is the untold true story set in the winter of 1925 that takes you across the treacherous... [More]Starring: Willem Dafoe, Julianne Nicholson, Christopher Heyerdahl, Richard DormerDirected By: Ericson CoreMedical Police: Season 1 (2020) 92%#27Adjusted Score: 92.065% Critics Consensus: Cop-doctors finally get their due in Medical Police, a show that works almost as well as a good old fashioned action-adventure as it does a delightfully absurd satire about doctor-cops.Synopsis: Doctors Owen Maestro and Lola Spratt leave Children's Hospital and join a secret arm of the CDC to investigate and... [More]Starring: Erinn Hayes, Rob Huebel, Malin Akerman, Lake BellDirected By: David Wain#26Miss Americana (2020) 91%#26Adjusted Score: 94.352% Critics Consensus: Miss Americana provides an engaging if somewhat deliberately opaque backstage look at a pop star turned cultural phenomenon.Synopsis: Miss Americana is a raw and emotionally revealing look at one of the most iconic artists of our time during... [More]Starring: Taylor SwiftDirected By: Lana WilsonYear of the Rabbit: Season 1 (2019) 94%#25Adjusted Score: 94.617% Critics Consensus: Carried by series leads Matt Berry and Susan Wokoma, Year of the Rabbit is a superbly silly and delightfully subversive period piece.Synopsis: Season 1 of the comedy series starring BAFTA-winner Matt Berry set in the dark heart of Victorian London.... [More]Starring: Matt Berry, Freddie Fox, Susan Wokoma, Keeley HawesTwenties: Season 1 (2020) 88%#24Adjusted Score: 88.311% Critics Consensus: Sharply written and hilarious relatable, Twenties is another impressive series from creator Lena Waithe that also announces Jonica T. Gibbs as a talent to watch.Synopsis: A queer African American woman hangs out with her two straight best friends as they all try to make their... [More]Starring: Jonica T. Gibbs, Christina Elmore, Gabrielle Graham, Sophina BrownDirected By: Tiffany Johnson, Justin Tipping#23Miles Davis: Birth of the Cool (2019) 92%#23Adjusted Score: 93.714% Critics Consensus: Entertaining for longtime fans as well as casually interested viewers, Miles Davis: Birth of the Cool burnishes the legacy of a brilliant artist.Synopsis: A visionary, innovator, and originator who defied categorization and embodied the word cool: a foray into the life and career... [More]Starring: Wayne ShorterDirected By: Stanley NelsonEverything's Gonna Be Okay: Season 1 (2020) 95%#22Adjusted Score: 95.639% Critics Consensus: Sweetly poignant and warmly witty, Everything's Gonna Be Okay is as big-hearted and nuanced as the well-written characters at its center.Synopsis: A neurotic 25-year-old still living at home with his single dad and two teenage half-sisters, one of which has autism.... [More]Starring: Josh Thomas, Kayla Cromer, Adam FaisonLittle America: Season 1 (2020) 95%#21Adjusted Score: 97.031% Critics Consensus: Joyous, heartfelt, and very human, Little America's thoughtful collection of immigrant tales is as inspirational as it is relatable.Synopsis: Inspired by the true stories featured in Epic Magazine, \"Little America\" will go beyond the headlines to look at the... [More]Starring: Zachary Quinto, Adam Ali, Haaz Sleiman, Mélanie Laurent#20Honey Boy (2019) 94%#20Adjusted Score: 103.624% Critics Consensus: Honey Boy serves as an act of cinematic therapy for its screenwriter and subject -- one whose unique perspective should strike a chord in audiences from all backgrounds.Synopsis: From a screenplay by Shia LaBeouf, based on his own experiences, award-winning filmmaker Alma Har'el brings to life a young... [More]Starring: Shia LaBeouf, Lucas Hedges, Noah Jupe, FKA twigsDirected By: Alma Har'elOutlander: Season 5 (2019) 86%#19Adjusted Score: 85.005% Critics Consensus: Outlander's romantic ardor doesn't burn as bright in this fifth season, but the Frasers remain an enthralling pair as they try to forge a home together.Synopsis: Season Five of \"Outlander\" finds the Frasers fighting for their family and the home they have forged on Fraser's Ridge.... [More]Starring: Caitriona Balfe, Sam Heughan, Tobias Menzies, Graham McTavishDirected By: Meera Menon, Jamie Payne, Woolfenden StephenCurb Your Enthusiasm: Season 10 (2020) 94%#18Adjusted Score: 95.867% Critics Consensus: Still ticked off, but with more timely themes, Curb Your Enthusiasm's tenth season feels fresher than ever.Synopsis: A neurotic TV writer copes with life in L.A. in a tart, hilarious and semi-improvised sitcom that follows him dealing... [More]Starring: Larry David, Cheryl Hines, Jeff Garlin, Susie EssmanDirected By: Bryan Gordon, Erin O'Malley, Jeff SchafferCheer: Season 1 (2020) 97%#17Adjusted Score: 98.458% Critics Consensus: With an inspirational troupe of teens and willingness to engage in the tougher trials facing the sport today, Cheer perfectly captures the highs and lows of what it takes to be a cheerleader.Synopsis: This gripping docuseries follows the ups and downs of Navarro College's competitive cheer squad as they work to win a... [More]Starring:#16John Mulaney &amp; The Sack Lunch Bunch (2019) 96%#16Adjusted Score: 96.196% Critics Consensus: With spectacular musical numbers, a smartly silly sensibility, and just the right amount of existential dread, John Mulaney &amp; The Sack Lunch Bunch is a joyous reminder that kindness and comedy can in fact go hand in hand.Synopsis: Emmy Award Winning Comedian John Mulaney aims to recapture the magic of that bygone television era when children sang songs... [More]Starring: John Mulaney, David Byrne, André De Shields, Natasha LyonneDirected By: Rhys ThomasParty of Five: Season 1 (2019) 97%#15Adjusted Score: 98.606% Critics Consensus: With a strong cast and empathetic storytelling, Party of Five's timely reinvention adds a new layer of urgency while still honoring the original series.Synopsis: The Buendía siblings struggle to survive together as a family after their parents are deported to Mexico.... [More]Starring: Bruno Bichir, Fernanda Urrejola, Brandon Larracuente, Emily TostaBoJack Horseman: Season 6 (2019) 96%#14Adjusted Score: 99.762% Critics Consensus: Bittersweet and brilliant to the very end, BoJack Horseman's final season manages to keep surprising viewers with its empathy and depth, solidifying its place as one of TV's greatest offerings.Synopsis: BoJack inches his way toward redemption as a stint in rehab forces him to confront his mistakes and start making... [More]Starring: Will Arnett, Aaron Paul, Alison Brie, Paul F. Tompkins#13A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon (2020) 96%#13Adjusted Score: 98.65% Critics Consensus: A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon retains the charm of its small-screen source material while engagingly expanding the title character's world.Synopsis: What begins as an ordinary day for Shaun the Sheep (Justin Fletcher) turns out to be anything but, when an... [More]Starring: Justin FletcherDirected By: Richard StarzakSex Education: Season 2 (2020) 98%#12Adjusted Score: 101.424% Critics Consensus: Sex Education's sophomore season definitely has more going on, but by treating each new subject with care and humor, it leaves plenty of space for its characters to grow.Synopsis: In season 2, as a late bloomer Otis must master his newly discovered sexual urges in order to progress with... [More]Starring: Gillian Anderson, Asa Butterfield, Sami Outalbali, Ncuti Gatwa#11The Kingmaker (2019) 97%#11Adjusted Score: 98.852% Critics Consensus: The Kingmaker aims a disquieting spotlight at the private life of a divisive public figure -- as well as the ways in which unchecked power seduces and corrupts.Synopsis: Centered on the indomitable character of Imelda Marcos, The Kingmaker examines, with intimate access, the Marcos family's improbable return to... [More]Starring: Imelda MarcosDirected By: Lauren GreenfieldBetter Call Saul: Season 5 (2020) 99%#10Adjusted Score: 102.178% Critics Consensus: Grounded by Bob Odenkirk's endlessly nuanced, lived-in performance, Better Call Saul's fifth season is a darkly funny, vividly realized master class in tragedy.Synopsis: In season five of the critically acclaimed drama, Better Call Saul, Jimmy McGill's decision to practice law as \"Saul Goodman\"... [More]Starring: Bob Odenkirk, Michael McKean, Jonathan Banks, Rhea SeehornSeven Worlds, One Planet: Season 1 (2019) 100%#9Adjusted Score: 98.844% Critics Consensus: A majestic journey around the world with more on its mind than just jaw-dropping landscapes, Seven Worlds, One Planet is prime David Attenborough goodness.Synopsis: Revealing the extraordinary wildlife stories and unseen wilderness of our seven unique continents.... [More]Starring:Brockmire: Season 4 (2020) 100%#8Adjusted Score: 90.121% Critics Consensus: A satisfying conclusion to a great American comedy, Brockmire's final season is a bittersweet home run.Synopsis: After a public on-air meltdown, a disgraced pro-baseball ;announcer tries to resurrect his career by signing on with a minor-league... [More]Starring: Hank Azaria, Amanda PeetVisible: Out on Television: Miniseries (2020) 100%#7Adjusted Score: 100.147% Critics Consensus: Well-crafted and often powerful, Visible: Out on Television is as vital and vibrant as the community at its center.Synopsis: \"Visible: Out on Television\" investigates the importance of TV as an intimate medium that has shaped the American conscience, and... [More]Starring:Better Things: Season 4 (2020) 100%#6Adjusted Score: 100.72% Critics Consensus: Sharp and singular, Better Things just keeps getting better.Synopsis: The story of Sam Fox, a single mother and working actor with no filter trying to raise her three daughters... [More]Starring: Pamela Adlon, Mikey Madison, Celia Imrie, Olivia EdwardCastlevania: Season 3 (2019) 95%#5Adjusted Score: 95.707% Critics Consensus: Castlevania's stunningly animated third season continues to build on the game's lore by diving deeper into its characters with humor, heart, and a lot of bloody action.Synopsis: Belmont and Sypha settle into a village with sinister secrets, Alucard mentors a pair of admirers, and Isaac embarks on... [More]Starring: Richard Armitage, James Callis, Graham McTavish, Alejandra ReynosoGiri/Haji: Season 1 (2019) 100%#4Adjusted Score: 101.157% Critics Consensus: Smart, suspenseful, and superbly shot, Giri/Haji is a near-perfect crime thriller with a surprisingly sharp sense of humor.Synopsis: A detective from Tokyo travels to London in search of his missing brother, who had ties to the Yakuza.... [More]Starring: Charlie Creed-Miles, Takehiro Hira, Togo Igawa, Andrew JoshiSchitt's Creek: Season 6 (2020) 100%#3Adjusted Score: 102.277% Critics Consensus: Witty, warm, and with just the right blend of wisdom and wisecracks, Schitt's Creek's final season is the perfect farewell to the Roses and the town that changed their lives.Synopsis: A wealthy family lose their fortune and move to a dreary small town they purchased once as a joke.... [More]Starring: Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Catherine O' Hara, Dan LevyFeel Good: Season 1 (2020) 100%#2Adjusted Score: 102.359% Critics Consensus: An intimate portrait of addiction and love, Feel Good is at once sweetly charming, uncomfortably complicated, and completely worth falling for.Synopsis: A comedian living in London navigates sobriety and a new relationship with her girlfriend.... [More]Starring: Mae Martin, Charlotte Ritchie, Lisa Kudrow, Adrian LukisThe Expanse: Season 4 (2019) 100%#1Adjusted Score: 101.965% Critics Consensus: Smart and thrilling as ever, The Expanse's fourth season doesn't miss a beat, successfully navigating network changes without losing any of its rich character work or narrative complexities.Synopsis: Season 4 of The Expanse, its first as a global Amazon Original, begins a new chapter for the series, with... [More]Starring: Steven Strait, Cas Anvar, Dominique Tipper* Due to a technical issue, the score for season 5 of DC’s Legends of Tomorrow won’t show up in this view. It&nbsp;stands at 99% with 13 season-level reviews, as well as episode-level reviews with scores that also count toward its season score.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Scorecards","tags":"television","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/22134605/winter-tv-final-600X314.jpg","slug":"2020-winter-tv-scorecard"},{"id":"47508960881987","title":"Joseph Gordon-Levitt’s 10 Best Movies","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Joseph Gordon-Levitt's 10 Best MoviesIn this week's Total Recall, we count down the best-reviewed films of the Snowden star.by Jeff Giles | September 14, 2016 |  CommentsAt the ripe old age of 35, Joseph Gordon-Levitt is already a grizzled Hollywood veteran, having made his film debut nearly 25 years ago in the slobbery family comedy Beethoven. And he’s a busy guy, too — although this weekend’s Snowden&nbsp;marks his first trip to theaters in 2016, he also juggles a variety of responsibilities to his online collaborative HitRecord. Clearly, the time has come for us to take a fresh look at the critical highlights from Mr. Gordon-Levitt’s growing filmography, and you know what that means: It’s time for Total Recall!10.&nbsp;Don Jon (2013)  80%He’s a preening lunkhead and she’s obsessed with romantic comedies, but as portrayed by Scarlett Johansson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Barbara Sugarman and Jon Martello are far from the empty cinematic stereotypes they might seem like on paper — and their story (written and helmed by Gordon-Levitt in his feature-length directing debut) has much more on its mind than your average boy-meets-girl picture. In fact, as many critics saw it, Don Jon&nbsp;managed to impart some thought-provoking messages about addiction, technology, and the difficulties of modern relationships while also providing an effortlessly entertaining showcase for its appealing young stars; the Boston Globe’s Ty Burr, for one, believed it accomplished the former so well that “R rating aside, it should be required viewing for every 15-year-old boy on the planet.”Watch Trailer9.&nbsp;Mysterious Skin (2005)  85%Gordon-Levitt raised a lot of eyebrows with 2005’s Brick, but he started erasing memories of Third Rock from the Sun&nbsp;the year before, with this bleak drama from Doom Generation&nbsp;director Gregg Araki. A favorite on the festival circuit, Mysterious Skin&nbsp;delves into the harrowing aftermath of sexual abuse, following the struggles of two teen boys (Gordon-Levitt and Brady Corbet) to come to grips with the actions of an emotionally disturbed baseball coach (Bill Sage). Understandably not a huge box office draw, Skin&nbsp;was still appreciated by critics such as the Philadelphia Inquirer’s Steven Rea, who applauded what he saw as a film that “manages to deal with its raw, awful subject matter in ways that are both challenging and illuminating.”Watch Trailer8.&nbsp;The Walk (2015)  83%Real-life daredevil Philippe Petit’s death-defying tightrope walk between the World Trade Center towers made headlines in 1974 — and astonished viewers all over again when documentarian James Marsh offered an inside look at the story with his 2008 release Man on Wire. Sensing untapped cinematic potential in the tale, director Robert Zemeckis decided to dramatize it with 2015’s The Walk, casting Gordon-Levitt as Petit and bringing the latest and greatest IMAX 3D technology to bear on dazzling scenes depicting the stunt. That technical wizardry rightly received a ton of attention, but some of the film’s charms are decidedly old-fashioned: “Gordon-Levitt beguilingly captures Petit’s irresistible charisma,” wrote Calvin Wilson for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, “in a performance that completes his transition from indie-film favorite to big-budget star.”Watch Trailer7.&nbsp;Inception (2010)  87%Yeah, you knew this one would be here. Gordon-Levitt was almost an afterthought in Inception, but that had everything to do with the fact that it was a Christopher Nolan joint, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, and nothing to do with his own performance as Arthur, DiCaprio’s partner in high-tech corporate espionage. A rare opportunity for Gordon-Levitt to play with choreographed stunts, trippy special effects, and blockbuster expectations, Inception earned four Academy Awards against eight nominations — not to mention more than $825 million in box office receipts, as well as praise from critics like Amy Biancolli of the Houston Chronicle, who called it “only the latest indication that Christopher Nolan might be the slyest narrative tactician making movies today.”Watch Trailer6.&nbsp;500 Days of Summer (2009)  85%Indie boy meets indie girl at their quirky office (a greeting card company, for goodness’ sake) and they start an adorably star-crossed relationship. It’s the kind of thing, at least in its bare outline form, that we’ve seen countless times before — so why was (500) Days of Summer&nbsp;such a hit with critics and audiences? Well, partly because it boasts a smarter, more sensible script than your average Hollywood romance — and partly because Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel had enough soulful chemistry to inspire the New Republic’s Christopher Orr to write that it “Captures with such immediacy the elation and anxiety of new love, the tingle and the terror, the profound sense that you have never been more alive and the occasional wish that you could die on the spot.”Watch Trailer5.&nbsp;The Lookout (2007)  87%A little like Memento&nbsp;without a riddle sitting in the middle of the plot, writer/director Scott Frank’s The Lookout&nbsp;revolves around a brain-damaged protagonist (Gordon-Levitt) haunted by a troubled past — and whose friends and/or enemies might not be everything they seem. As a former homecoming king whose shattered life has led him into a dead-end job that makes him a natural target for a gang of unscrupulous ne’er-do-wells, Levitt brought a melancholy heart to what might have been a fairly ordinary heist flick; as Jack Mathews observed for the New York Daily News, “Though The Lookout&nbsp;is eventually a genre film, with a tense, bang-up ending, it is also a thoughtful study of a young man trying to make sense of a world that he is having to learn all over again.”Watch Trailer4.&nbsp;The Dark Knight Rises (2012)  87%Trilogy-concluding sequels don’t come much more highly anticipated than 2012’s The Dark Knight Rises, which put Christian Bale’s gravel-voiced Batman on a backbreaking collision course with the nefarious Bane (Tom Hardy) while setting up the cataclysmic conflict that brought the story Christopher Nolan started with Batman Begins&nbsp;to an appropriately senses-shattering conclusion — and introducing audiences to the upstanding young cop (Gordon-Levitt) who just might become the next Dark Knight. Although Rises&nbsp;couldn’t quite match its predecessor’s critical standing, it still did pretty well for itself, racking up over a billion dollars in worldwide box office while amassing an impressive number of accolades from the likes of the Los Angeles Times’ Kenneth Turan, who called it “A disturbing experience we live through as much as a film we watch” and added, “This dazzling conclusion to director Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy is more than an exceptional superhero movie, it is masterful filmmaking by any standard.”Watch Trailer3.&nbsp;Lincoln (2012)  89%He presided over the most tumultuous time in our nation’s history, accomplished great things while in office, and ended his administration — and his life — in violent tragedy. Needless to say, Abraham Lincoln’s life is the stuff that Oscar-winning films are made of — and with Steven Spielberg at the helm, directing a stellar cast that included Gordon-Levitt, Tommy Lee Jones, Hal Holbrook, Sally Field, and an almost unrecognizable Daniel Day-Lewis as the man himself, Lincoln&nbsp;was a virtual shoo-in for a Best Picture nomination even before it arrived in theaters. Of course, it helped that the finished product was one of 2012’s best-reviewed films thanks to critics like Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune, who wrote, “It blends cinematic Americana with something grubbier and more interesting than Americana, and it does not look, act or behave like the usual perception of a Spielberg epic.”Watch Trailer2.&nbsp;Looper (2012)  93%Plenty of people would love to take the opportunity to travel back in time and see our younger selves, but Rian Johnson’s Looper&nbsp;takes this premise and adds a nasty twist. When a hit man (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) realizes his latest quarry is his older self (Bruce Willis) — an event known among his peers as “closing the loop” — he muffs the job, allowing him(self) to escape and setting in motion a high-stakes pursuit that puts a widening circle of people in danger. Tense, funny, and surprisingly heartfelt, Looper&nbsp;may suffer from some of the same scientific story flaws as other time travel movies, but it also manages to turn its by-now-familiar basic ingredients into an uncommonly affecting and thought-provoking sci-fi drama. “Looper&nbsp;imagines a world just near enough to look familiar,” mused Entertainment Weekly’s Lisa Schwarzbaum, “and just futuristic enough to be chillingly askew.”Watch Trailer1.&nbsp;50/50 (2011)  93%Cancer, generally speaking, isn’t all that funny. So kudos to screenwriter Will Reiser for finding the humor in his own diagnosis — and then using the experience as the grist for 50/50, a dramedy about a pair of best pals (played by Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen) whose relationship is irrevocably altered after one of them learns he has cancer. Director Jonathan Levine’s deft handling of the story’s tonal shifts keeps the movie from straining for laughs or straying into mawkish territory, while Rogen offers able support for Gordon-Levitt as the best friend of a guy who’s fighting for his life. “What ensues is Beaches&nbsp;meets Pineapple Express,” wrote Mary Elizabeth Williams for Salon. “Which, I’ve got to tell you, is pretty much what living with cancer is like.”Watch Trailer","section":"Total Recall","tags":"Avengers, Certified, all-time","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/14142902/Joseph-Gordon-Levitt-Recall.jpg","slug":"joseph-gordon-levitts-10-best-movies"},{"id":"47508825607273","title":"Becky G’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Becky G's Five Favorite FilmsThe Yellow Power Ranger talks about J-Lo and her ideal superpower.by Kerr Lordygan | March 22, 2017 |  Comments(Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for People En Espanol)The Power Rangers superhero franchise, which dates back to 1970s Japanese television, has a new entry with Power Rangers, which hits theaters Friday. Project Almanac director Dean Israelite revisits the colorful band of heroes, one of whom, Yellow Ranger, is played by singer Becky G. After a string of small roles, including a part on Empire, the California native’s acting career shifts into overdrive with the role. Rotten Tomatoes spoke to her about the film, its PG-13 rating, and her mind-reading aspirations.Titanic (1997)  89%Well, I’m definitely a hopeless romantic and Titanic is one of my favorite movies. It basically came out when I was born, but my mom&nbsp;[showed me]&nbsp;Titanic&nbsp;when I was about — I want to say like eight, nine years old. It’s one of the movies I can never get tired of. I could watch it all the time. Actually, I had a really geeky moment: the make up artist that worked on this last film that I worked on — she had worked on Titanic, and I was like, “No way!” I freaked out and got to see a lot of behind-the-scenes pictures. I was totally fan-girling.Did&nbsp;you get any dirt?No dirt, just heard it was such a long process to film the movie. Now, having been on the inside of filming a movie, I’m like, “Yep, sounds about right — long process.”The Notebook (2004)  53%I would say The Notebook is also another one.&nbsp;Maybe because it’s like a reflection of that similar type of love story. Forbidden love is always nice to see on camera as well. Being young and not being allowed to date kind of started that whole thing.I do remember when Noah and Allie have their kind of sex scene, getting my eyes covered by my mom — which means I was very young. I was maybe like 10 years old when I watched that movie for the first time. But, again, also one of those movies where I watched again when I was 13, and then watched again when I was 14, and 15, and 16, and so on. I always find something new about it, and maybe it’s because now that I’m older, and you experience love differently, it changes the way you watch those movies for sure.The Sandlot (1993)  63%Okay, this might be really cheesy. I can’t stop thinking about The Sandlot. I have a thing for retro movies. I mean, I know it’s not retro for a lot of people, but for me it is because, obviously, my age. The Sandlot is one of my favorite movies because of the storyline and because the characters are so young. It was just so interesting and so cool to see young actors give such big personalities to these characters. It was something that just stuck with me. I remember the lead guy [Tom Guiry] being really cute and just thinking that he was adorable.Enough (2002)  22%Oh, I got one, I got one, okay. Enough, the one with Jennifer Lopez? Ooh, that’s such a good movie. That’s the fighting one — she’s in an abusive relationship and basically escapes it, and he keeps going. She ends up killing him out of self-defense. I’m like “Genius, what a badass in this movie.” I love the suspense of that movie. It was such a good movie.And all the J Lo movies by the way — Maid in Manhattan, The Wedding Planner&nbsp;—&nbsp;those iconic rom-com movies are amazing.Mulan (1998)  86%The last one I have to say this because I heard they’re doing the live action for it, and it’s Mulan. I grew up watching, obviously, the Disney movie Mulan. That was [a&nbsp;different kind of] Disney princess because technically she wasn’t a princess, she was a warrior. At a very young age — something about her being able to keep up with the men, and be one of the boys, and be respected for that in the end was one of the coolest things to see — and also the sacrifice for her family. I come from a very big family and my family’s everything to me. Now watching it, it’s like a movie that gives me goosebumps still, and I get very emotional watching it because it just reminds me a lot of myself I guess.Kerr Lordygan for Rotten Tomatoes:&nbsp;What’s it like to be a Power Ranger? Did you grow up with the Power Rangers?Becky G: I did. Just like everything else I was introduced a little later. The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers&nbsp;[TV show came out] in 1993, and of course me being born in 1997, all my older cousins were introduced to it, but I wasn’t just yet. I remember being introduced — maybe I was around five years old, six years old. The coolest thing too, is now, I remember watching the original Japanese series, because I grew up in Inglewood, and our TV whole situation was kind of ghetto. We had the bunny ears — you know the antennas at the top? So once you get something good, you don’t want to move it. One of the channels that we would get was this Japanese channel where I couldn’t understand anything, but it would come on in the mornings, and it was one of the very first Japanese series of Power Rangers. Even then, the Yellow Ranger was a boy. I remember still wanting to be the yellow one because yellow is my favorite color. It was just the coolest thing to see that you can be a superhero with your friends. When I think of Power Rangers, that’s what I think of. It’s the first ensemble of superheros that are a group. It’s not the Avengers where they’re all separate and then they kind of come together. It’s like, we’re not one without the other. In order to save the world, we have to work together.RT: This one’s PG 13 — is that surprising to you?G: No, I think it’s really great because it is a movie for everyone. I don’t think this is targeted just for kids. I think this if for the millennials as well who grew up watching the Power Rangers. Also, for the parents that now have kids that grew up watching the Rangers at some point in their lives. Even my grandparents will watch this movie probably and have a great time. I think the reason why it’s that middle age demographic that I think it was rated for is because it is for everyone and because it is a reflection of this generation growing up in 2017. I think that’s what’s so awesome. I think that’s what’s gonna make it so relatable.RT: With that PG-13 rating, is this one darker than we might expect?G: I wouldn’t say darker. I just think it’s much more in depth for the characters. It’s the first time you even get to meet the Power Rangers’ parents. That’s never happened in the Power Rangers series. That’s really interesting to know because you are a product of your environment, and I think you get to see these characters in a different light. You don’t meet them as superheros off the bat. You get to meet them as real life teenagers dealing with real life issues before they become Power Rangers. Then, when they become Power Rangers dealing with having absolutely no idea what they’re doing and figuring that out in itself — I think it’s pretty cool.RT:&nbsp;If you could pick any superpower, what would it be?G: If it had an on and off switch too, I would love to be able to read minds. Now, we’ve been asked this question so many times, and me and Naomi [Scott]&nbsp;— as a team for interviews, we’ve been paired up to do a lot of promo teasers — [People say,] “I would love to fly. I think it would be great to be able to fly.” I’m like, “That’s so boring. Everyone wants to fly.” I want to know what people are thinking, you know? I am all about the honest truth. When I’m just sitting down, for instance, with my family and I’m showing them a new song or when they watch this movie, I want to know what people are really thinking.RT:&nbsp;That’s a good idea, but it might be scary to find out what people are actually thinking.G: Yeah, but I feel like that’s good. Maybe it’s because I can’t lie, that I wish nobody else was able to lie too. Terrible liar — I’m all about just being an open book and being honest. Especially in situations where people are down and they’re a little sad, and you want to be there for them. “Hey, what’s going on?” They’re like, “I’m fine.” Like the Eeyores, and you’re like, “No, no, no, just tell me. What’s going on?”RT: What were your favorite superheros when you were growing up?G: Well, I’d actually say Power Rangers for sure. I don’t even say that to be cheesy. Just because I grew up in a big family. Again, the whole idea of being superheros with your friends, instead of playing house or playing teacher… it was like, “Okay, which superhero are you gonna be?” — and figuring that whole thing out. I was also a big fan of Spider-Man.&nbsp;Power Rangers&nbsp;opens on Friday, Mar. 24, 2017 in wide&nbsp;release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"TV, green, trailers, hard, History, critic","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/14154924/becky-g-fea.jpg","slug":"becky-gs-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508792300306","title":"Critics Consensus: Princess, Invictus Are Certified Fresh","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Princess, Invictus Are Certified FreshPlus, A Single Man is a catch, but The Lovely Bones isn’t all that pretty.by Tim Ryan | December 10, 2009 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a Southern-fried fairy tale (The Princess and the Frog, with voice work Anika Noni Rose and Keith David) and inspiration through rugby (Invictus, starring Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon). What do the critics have to say?[tomatometer]MuzeID=1196003[/tomatometer]The Princess and the FrogThe Princess and the Frog has gotten plenty of notice for two reasons: it marks Disney’s return to traditional cel animation, and it features an African American heroine. However, critics say that it’s also a rousing, heart-warming, and likable (though somewhat predictable) movie that works on its own with or without the curiosity factor. Set in 1930s New Orleans, the film follows Tiana (voiced by Anika Noni Rose), a beautiful aspiring chef who’s turned into a frog after succumbing to a nefarious spell by Doctor Facilier (Keith David), a voodoo magician. Will Tiana return to human form? Will she be able to rescue the handsome prince? The pundits say The Princess and the Frog is hardly groundbreaking, but it has enough energy, catchy tunes, and excitement to render most objections moot. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down David’s best-reviewed work.)[tomatometer]MuzeID=1207475[/tomatometer]InvictusSure, Invictus is yet another inspirational sports film, but critics say Clint Eastwood‘s drama about how sports helped heal South Africa is a strong, well-crafted entry in the genre. Morgan Freeman stars as Nelson Mandela, who, in the tense heady days after the end of Apartheid, was looking for a national symbol of unity. He found one in the South African rugby team, captained by Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon), who face long odds in the World Cup. The pundits say that Invictus is sometimes too stately and glosses over some of the complexities of the times, but excellent work from Freeman and Damon, as well as a typically assured hand from Eastwood and exciting game footage more than compensate. (Check out The Great Directors: Clint Eastwood for an overview of the star’s work behind the camera.).Also opening this week in limited release:A Single Man, starring Colin Firth and Julianne Moore in a drama about a professor’s struggle to grapple with the death of his longtime companion, is at 77 percentTenderness, starring Russell Crowe as a cop on the trail of a violent teen who’s just been released from a juvenile detention center, is at 57 percent.My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?, starring Michael Shannon and Willem Dafoe in a thriller about the events leading up to a hostage situation, is at 50 percent (check out our review with director Werner Herzog here).Peter Jackson‘s The Lovely Bones, starring Mark Wahlberg and Saoirse Ronan in the tale of a murdered 14-year-old’s travels between the tangible world and the afterlife, is at 49 percent.The Slammin’ Salmon, starring the Broken Lizard gang as a group of waiters in a high-end restaurant owned by a former boxer, is at 45 percent.Finally, props to Critic Alex Hagani and Alejandro R. for correctly guessing Armored‘s 44 percent Tomatometer, and to Alejandro P. and hatingvindiesel for pinpointing the fact that Transylmania would get a big goose egg.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Pictures, potter, poppins, &, free, Cannes, TCA, Alien, Festival, Funimation, superhero, TV, rotten, Crunchyroll","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"critics-consensus-princess-invictus-are-certified-fresh"},{"id":"47509033314275","title":"Video: Epic Eyebrow-Off: Sam Claflin vs. Emilia Clarke","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Epic Eyebrow-Off: Sam Claflin vs. Emilia Clarkeby Grae Drake | June 3, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake challenged Emilia Clarke and Sam Claflin, the stars&nbsp;of&nbsp;Me Before You, to an epic eyebrow showdown. Then she asked them (and also writer Jojo Moyes, and director Thea Sharrock) about what classic movies they would force&nbsp;their loved ones to watch.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"deadpool, song, Paramount, actors, motion, Pirates, Red, Go, LGBTQ, universal, 2017, CW, It, Emmy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/03163636/me-before-you-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-eyebrow-off-sam-claflin-vs-emilia-clarke"},{"id":"47509014266679","title":"Jordan Peele’s Game-Changing Horror Picks","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Jordan Peele's Game-Changing Horror PicksThe director of Us talks Hitchcock, zombies, '80s slashers, and more.by RT Staff | March 19, 2019 |  CommentsJordan Peele is quickly making a case for himself as one of the new masters of horror, thanks to his breakout directorial debut Get Out, his revival of the classic anthology series The Twilight Zone, and his upcoming sophomore film Us, which opens on March 22. But how did he develop such an astute appreciation of the genre? RT got a rare opportunity to speak with Peele about the history of horror from his perspective, focusing on the films and TV series that both shaped his unique sensibilities helped define the genre for future storytellers. Check out the video to hear his thoughts on classics, from a pair of iconic Hitchcock films to supernatural slashers of the 1980s and a pair of game-changers released in 1999.Us&nbsp;opens in theaters on March 22Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Cartoon, Character, park, popular, rings, Nickelodeon, Spike","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/19161236/Jordan_Peele_Horror_Game-Changers_Rep.jpg","slug":"jordan-peeles-game-changing-horror-picks"},{"id":"47508657906260","title":"Stranger Things Binge Guide: 5 Shows To Watch If You Love the Horror/Fantasy Series","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Stranger Things Binge Guide: 5 Shows To Watch If You Love the Horror/Fantasy SeriesDark and Lovecraft Country are just two options you might want to check out if you can't wait for season 4 of the Netflix series.by RT Staff | January 19, 2021 |  CommentsWith 3 seasons on Netflix, Stranger Things is a Certified Fresh phenomenon. So if you’re a fan of the crazy kids from Hawkins and all their spooky adventures, here are five more shows we think you’ll love on this week’s Binge Guide!Stranger Things seasons 1-3 are now streaming on Netflix.&nbsp;On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"2019, Mudbound","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/19153152/RT_BingeGuide_Thumbnail_StrangerThings_600x314.jpg","slug":"stranger-things-binge-guide-5-shows-to-watch-if-you-love-the-horrorfantasy-series"},{"id":"47509114399442","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Women Boots Captain America From #1 Spot","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Women Boots Captain America From #1 Spotby Gitesh Pandya | April 27, 2014 |  CommentsCameron Diaz’s new revenge comedy The Other Woman booted Captain America from the number one spot and enjoyed a strong debut driven by adult women. The Fox hit bowed to an estimated $24.7M from 3,205 locations for a fantastic $7,707 average.Critics were harsh on the PG-13 laugher but bad reviews got trumped by starpower (Leslie Mann, Kate Upton, and Nicki Minaj co-starred) and concept (stories about revenge against cheating men sell very well). Diaz has long been a bankable star, especially in comedies. Other Woman is her 14th film over the past 20 years to open north of $20M. The highly-paid actress may add another to her long list with July’s raunchy comedy Sex Tape which is likely to earn an R rating which is what Woman got before it was changed on appeal.Audience satisfaction has been decent for the $40M-budgeted Woman. The B+ CinemaScore grade is nothing to brag about, but indicates that customers were generally satisfied with what they got for their money. With very little connecting with young adult women over the past two months, an underserved audience came out in large numbers. Females made up 75% of the crowd and 65% were over 25.After a three-week reign, Captain America: The Winter Soldier got bumped down a notch to second place but still held up well grossing an estimated $16M in its fourth weekend. The Disney release upped its domestic haul to $224.9M allowing it to beat Fast Five’s $209.8M to become the highest-grossing film to ever open in April. Megahits can come out of any part of the calendar when audiences are genuinely excited. Winter Soldier has now grossed more than all past Captain America, Hulk, and Thor movies and may finish its run close to the $262M of The Amazing Spider-Man. That’s an amazing feat for a non-Spidey film playing during the spring.Overseas cash continued to roll in for the new Captain. This weekend saw an estimated $16M from overseas in its fifth frame sending the international take soaring to $420.3M including a phenomenal $107.6M from China. The worldwide cume has climbed to $645.2M beating the final global grosses of each of the first two Iron Man films. Crossing $700M will be easy.Marvel will steal back the number one spot next weekend with another super hero sequel, Sony’s The Amazing Spider-Man 2, which opened in a large number of new international markets this weekend grossing a fantastic $67.2M bumping the offshore tally to $132M ahead of Thursday night’s U.S. launch. IMAX screens have been especially hot particularly in Japan and Korea. Along with domestic, over 30 new markets debut next weekend including key territories like China, Brazil, and France.The year’s latest Christianity-based hit Heaven Is For Real followed in third place with an estimated $13.8M in its sophomore frame boosting the cume to a stellar $51.9M to date. The Sony release is the fourth faith-based hit this year to break the $50M gross mark following Son of God, God’s Not Dead, and the expensive tentpole Noah. Three of the four were low-cost films attracting large paying audiences. Heaven may end at about $80M, or more than six times its $12M budget.Toon sequel Rio 2 enjoyed another moderate hold in its third flight with an estimated $13.7M, off 38%. Fox may end with roughly $125M from North America.The late Paul Walker found himself in fifth place with the action title Brick Mansions which failed to make much of a dent at the box office with an opening weekend of an estimated $9.6M. Averaging a mild $3,627 from 2,647 locations, the PG-13 pic tried to play to fans of the actor who tragically died last November. However, outside of his signature Fast &amp; Furious franchise, Walker has rarely been a box office draw on his own. Reviews were lackluster for Relativity’s Mansions and the CinemaScore was a decent B+.Johnny Depp’s box office bomb Transcendence collapsed in its second weekend crumbling 62% to an estimated $4.1M for a measly $18.5M to date. The Warner Bros. release is likely to finish its domestic run at about $25M. That would be the worst performance of Depp’s entire career in major films playing in 3,000+ theaters. Unlike with many effects-driven action films, Transcendence is not likely to be saved by its international run.2014’s horror slump continued as Lionsgate failed to attract fright fans to its newest chiller The Quiet Ones which debuted horribly with an estimated $4M from 2,027 locations for a puny $1,973 average. Reviews were weak and the C+ CinemaScore was dull, but about normal for this genre. With teens and young adults going to the multiplexes less often in general, low-budget horror films are finding their core audience disappearing making for very few success stories in the first four months of this year. Plus known brands through sequels and remakes have been largely absent from the calendar so far in 2014.The Disney doc Bears dropped only 25% in its second weekend to an estimated $3.6M for a $11.2M total on its way to a finish of around $20M. Off 36% in its sixth round, the sci-fi pic Divergent also collected an estimated $3.6M and has banked $139.5M to date. A Haunted House 2 tumbled 63% in its sophomore session after a weak opening and took in an estimated $3.3M. With only $14.2M so far, the Open Road sequel should end up with about $20M and no future installments.The top ten films grossed an estimated $96.4M which was up a healthy 23% from last year when Pain &amp; Gain opened at number one with $20.2M; and up 6% from 2012 when Think Like A Man remained on top for a second time with $17.6M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Rey, caribbean","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Women-Boots-Captain-America-From-1-Spot"},{"id":"47509048977534","title":"Video: Which Horrible Boss Wants to Kiss Michael Keaton?","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Which Horrible Boss Wants to Kiss Michael Keaton?by Grae Drake | November 25, 2014 |  CommentsJason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, and Charlie Day reveal their darkest desires in a heated game of “Flirt, Marry, Kiss Goodbye,” and Jennifer Aniston calls out Charlie Day for being the most squeamish of all cast members…especially when she was straddling him. Come on Charlie, man up.Watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"italian","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-which-horrible-boss-wants-to-kiss-michael-keaton"},{"id":"47509018206050","title":"Video: Jason Isaacs on The OA Villainy, Star Trek Vs. Harry Potter Fandoms","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jason Isaacs on The OA Villainy, Star Trek Vs. Harry Potter Fandomsby Debbie Day | June 17, 2017 |  CommentsKnown by legions of twentysomethings as Draco’s wicked dad Lucius Malfoy in the Harry Potter film franchise, actor Jason Isaacs now faces the scrutiny of an all-new fandom with his upcoming role in Star Trek: Discovery for CBS All Access. Isaacs — who also appeared as Dr. Hunter Aloysius “Hap” Percy, the scientist with serious boundary issues in Netflix’s 2016 surprise Christmas&nbsp;hit The OA — turns the tables on Rotten Tomatoes and provides host Jack Hind with a little professional feedback.The OA‘s first&nbsp;season is available to&nbsp;stream on Netflix;&nbsp;Star Trek: Discovery is expected to premiere in fall of this year.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Biopics, Dead, sitcom, Freeform","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/17091620/RT_JasonIsaacs_YT-600x314.jpg","slug":"video-jason-isaacs-talks-the-oa-star-trek-harry-potter-fandoms"},{"id":"47508720303243","title":"All Tiffany Haddish Movies Ranked by Tomatometer","content":"(Photo by Michele K. Short. ©Universal Pictures/courtesy Everett Collection )All Tiffany Haddish Movies Ranked by TomatometerAfter toiling through the stand-up and TV guest appearance circuit for well over a decade, and using a memorable supporting role in Key &amp; Peele’s Keanu as a major stepping stone, Tiffany Haddish broke into the mainstream with 2017’s Girls Trip. The biggest and best-reviewed female ensemble comedy since Bridesmaids, the Certified Fresh Trip would raunchify audiences up to a $120 million haul at the domestic box office. Haddish capitalized on her new, sudden fame with a steady yet varied slate of films in 2018, including starring opposite Kevin Hart in Night School, working with Tyler Perry on Nobody’s Fool, and turning those Kyrie Irving Uncle Drew commercials into an unlikely (and Fresh!) feature.In 2019, there was no animated sequel with a 2 in its title that Haddish could resist, as she voiced fowl (The Angry Birds Movie 2), a Shih Tzu (The Secret Life of Pets 2), and shapeshifting plastic (The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part).Haddish kicked off 2020 with Like a Boss, but critics were less than enthused: See where it places as we rank all Tiffany Haddish movies by Tomatometer!#11Like a Boss (2020) 21%#11Adjusted Score: 27.16% Critics Consensus: Like a Boss oversees a merger of powerful comedic talents, but the end results are likely to leave audience members feeling swindled out of their investments.Synopsis: Best friends Mia and Mel (Tiffany Haddish and Rose Byrne) are living their best lives running their own cosmetics company... [More]Starring: Tiffany Haddish, Rose Byrne, Billy Porter, Salma HayekDirected By: Miguel Arteta#10The Kitchen (2019) 24%#10Adjusted Score: 33.486% Critics Consensus: With three talented leads struggling to prop up a sagging story, The Kitchen is a jumbled crime thriller in urgent need of some heavy-duty renovation.Synopsis: Based on the Vertigo comic book series from DC Entertainment, the film stars Oscar nominee Melissa McCarthy, Tiffany Haddish and... [More]Starring: Melissa McCarthy, Tiffany Haddish, Elisabeth Moss, Domhnall GleesonDirected By: Andrea Berloff#9Nobody's Fool (2018) 26%#9Adjusted Score: 26.98% Critics Consensus: Nobody's Fool has a pair of strong leads and a smattering of scenes that highlight Tiffany Haddish's talents -- all of which only make the uninspired end results more frustrating.Synopsis: Trying to get back on her feet, wild child Tanya (Tiffany Haddish) looks to her buttoned-up, by the book sister... [More]Starring: Tiffany Haddish, Tika Sumpter, Omari Hardwick, Mehcad BrooksDirected By: Tyler Perry#8Night School (2018) 26%#8Adjusted Score: 31.585% Critics Consensus: Night School's funny stars and seemingly promising setup add up to a disappointingly scattershot comedy whose laughs are largely held in detention.Synopsis: Star Kevin Hart and producer Will Packer, who partnered for the hit Ride Along and Think Like a Man series,... [More]Starring: Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, Rob Riggle, Taran KillamDirected By: Malcolm D. Lee#7The Secret Life of Pets 2 (2019) 60%#7Adjusted Score: 66.497% Critics Consensus: The Secret Life of Pets 2 doesn't teach its animated stars any new narrative tricks -- but for fans of the original, this funny, energetic sequel should still satisfy.Synopsis: THE SECRET LIFE OF PETS 2 will follow summer 2016's blockbuster about the lives our pets lead after we leave... [More]Starring: Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, Harrison Ford, Patton OswaltDirected By: Chris Renaud, Jonathan Del Val#6Uncle Drew (2018) 61%#6Adjusted Score: 64.559% Critics Consensus: Kyrie Irving's crossover to comedy is amiable enough to score with basketball fans, but Uncle Drew is held back by formulaic plotting and too much product placement.Synopsis: After draining his life savings to enter a team in the Rucker Classic street ball tournament in Harlem, Dax (LilRel... [More]Starring: Kyrie Irving, Lil Rel Howery, Shaquille O'Neal, Reggie MillerDirected By: Charles Stone III#5The Oath (2018) 62%#5Adjusted Score: 65.236% Critics Consensus: The Oath draws on hyper-partisan modern politics for a pointedly funny satire that hits its targets hard and often enough to more than achieve its desired discomfort.Synopsis: A controversial White House policy turns family member against family member in THE OATH, a savagely funny dark comedy about... [More]Starring: Ike Barinholtz, Tiffany Haddish, John Cho, Carrie BrownsteinDirected By: Ike Barinholtz#4The Angry Birds Movie 2 (2019) 73%#4Adjusted Score: 77.059% Critics Consensus: Like its non-aerodynamic title characters, The Angry Birds Movie 2 takes improbable yet delightfully entertaining flight, landing humorous hits along the way.Synopsis: The flightless angry birds and the scheming green piggies take their beef to the next level in The Angry Birds... [More]Starring: Jason Sudeikis, Josh Gad, Leslie Jones, Bill HaderDirected By: Thurop Van Orman#3Keanu (2016) 78%#3Adjusted Score: 84.65% Critics Consensus: Keanu's absurd premise and compulsively watchable starring duo add up to an agreeably fast-paced comedy that hits more than enough targets to make up for the misses.Synopsis: Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele star in this comedy as two friends posing as drug dealers to get back a... [More]Starring: Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele, Tiffany Haddish, Method ManDirected By: Peter Atencio#2The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part (2019) 84%#2Adjusted Score: 96.706% Critics Consensus: While it isn't quite as much fun as its predecessor, The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part fits neatly into an animated all-ages franchise with heart and humor to spare.Synopsis: The much-anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed, global box office phenomenon that started it all, \"The LEGO (R) Movie 2:... [More]Starring: Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Banks, Will Arnett, Tiffany HaddishDirected By: Mike Mitchell#1Girls Trip (2017) 91%#1Adjusted Score: 97.982% Critics Consensus: Girls Trip is the rare R-rated comedy that pushes boundaries to truly comedic effect -- and anchors its laughs in compelling characters brought to life by a brilliantly assembled cast.Synopsis: When four lifelong friends-Regina Hall, Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett Smith and Tiffany Haddish-travel to New Orleans for the annual Essence... [More]Starring: Regina Hall, Tiffany Haddish, Larenz Tate, Mike ColterDirected By: Malcolm D. LeeLike this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Countdown","tags":"Tubi, Thanksgiving, play, comic, theme, movies, Comedy, independent, It, Cannes, Mary","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/08113952/600Haddish.jpg","slug":"all-tiffany-haddish-movies-ranked-by-tomatometer"},{"id":"47509036314624","title":"Video: What Happened to the Set of The Witch?","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: What Happened to the Set of The Witch?by Grae Drake | February 18, 2016 |  CommentsKate Dickie, Ralph Ineson, and Anya Taylor-Joy, as well as director Robert Eggers, spoke to RT about suspicious goats. the extremes&nbsp;of the production’s details, and what has become of the set of The Witch.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"satire, facebook, Lucasfilm, Day, harry, Emmys, Fresh, Kemper, Paramount, films","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/18162013/The-Witch-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-what-happened-to-the-set-of-the-witch"},{"id":"47614382843901","title":"Rocky Horror: 11 Reasons To Do the Time Warp Again","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Rocky Horror: 11 Reasons To Do the Time Warp Againby Fred Topel | October 17, 2016 |  CommentsThis week Fox celebrates the legacy of 1975 cult musical film hit The Rocky Horror Picture Show with the release of a 2016 TV-movie adaptation featuring a new cast.Inspired by early Hollywood B movies, Rocky Horror is the story of betrothed couple&nbsp;Brad and Janet (Ryan McCartan and Victoria Justice) who take shelter from the rain in the mansion of alien scientist Dr. Frank-N-Furter (Laverne Cox, a role originally played by Tim Curry). Frank-N-Furter’s henchman Riff Raff (Reeve Carney) and other lackeys help the doctor bring his creature Rocky to life, with various characters seducing Brad and Janet away from each other.We spoke with director Kenny Ortega, producer Lou Adler, and stars Cox, Justice, Carney, and Curry when they gathered&nbsp;at the Television Critics Association’s Press Tour this summer to promote&nbsp;The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let’s Do the Time Warp Again.Here are 11 things we learned about the new production.1. TIM CURRY APPROVESIt’s always scary when someone wants to remake a classic. If you need any reason to have no fear about The Rocky Horror Picture Show, let it be that Curry himself gives the Fox film his blessing.“I do, indeed,” Curry said when asked if he endorses the new film.Curry has recovered from a stroke and still sits in a wheelchair, but he performed in the new Rocky Horror as the narrator. While rehearsing with the whole cast, Cox got Curry’s blessing personally.“We had conversations our first day of rehearsal,” Cox said. “I sang every song from the movie that Frank-N-Furter sings in front of Tim. As we would go through the songs, I would ask him what some of his intentions or motivations and what he thought the moment was. He shared with me some of his thoughts on it. I don’t like to divulge everything we talked about.”Ortega particularly remembered seeing Cox and Curry bond.“I’ll never forget the first day of rehearsal,” Ortega said. “Laverne was standing at the piano and was getting ready to sing ‘Sweet Transvestite’ for the very, very first time. And Tim was sitting at the piano next to the pianist. When she finished, the first voice that came out was ‘Brava’ from Tim Curry. And that’s what we all felt throughout this entire experience working with Tim, his generosity, his wit, his charm, his elegance.”2. THE ORIGINAL MUSIC GETS A TWISTFans have been singing the Rocky Horror Show songs since the original stage version’s 1973 preview performances. With weekly midnight performances of the movie since 1975, everyone knows what “Time Warp” and “Hot Patootie” sounds like. So the singers in this contemporary Rocky Horror are giving the classic songs a slight twist, so they sound the same, but new again.Take, for instance, Justice’s perspective on the role made famous by now–well known film star Susan Sarandon.“It was challenging as a singer, because I really had to tap into my falsetto more than I ever have before,” Justice said. “And I also wanted to push myself, because I wanted to find ad libs and things that were different and make it my own. That was actually a lot of fun. I wanted to keep the classic Janet voice where she kind of talks in this higher register, and it’s just a lot more sweet and saccharine in a lot of ways, but not copying her. So I think that was probably the biggest challenge is watching the movie and remembering certain things that I wanted to keep but then also forgetting the rest of it so I could be inspired on my own.”Producer Lou Adler added that the music department, including his son Cisco Adler, produced new mixes of the classics. “What Kenny and I said in the beginning was be true to the original, but make it contemporary,” Adler said. “So there’s loops and samples, but it’s still the original music.”3. COX HAS SERIOUS MUSICAL RANGEIf you only know Cox from acting, get ready to hear her sing. Orange Is the New Black hasn’t yet showcased these skills.“She’s a force, five octave range, a degree in dance from a major university, acting her heart out in New York and studying for over 15 years, walking in and bringing something into the room that made us all realize there was no B plan,” Ortega said. “She had so much to give to it, a life experience, an incredible depth of talent, an enthusiasm, and a respect, an incredible respect for this film, all that has mattered. She was just an absolute joy. We knew it from the beginning that this was the person that gave us reason, really, raison d’être to make this movie.”4. THEY’RE SINGING MORE WORDS THAN GLEE DIDWhen Glee did its Rocky Horror tribute episode, the&nbsp;powers that be changed some of the lyrics that were considered risqué. For some reason, “Transsexual, Transylvania” was considered inappropriate and had to be changed to “Sensational Transylvania.” You still can’t say the F word on broadcast TV (the movie was rated R), but “Transsexual” is back.“There were conversations about do we change this?” Cox said. “After my first conversation with Kenny Ortega, his vision for the film was what sold me. You cannot change the lyrics to an iconic song. You can’t. The term ‘transvestite’ is a term that’s antiquated. It’s not a term that we use anymore to describe any trans people I know, but in 1975 it was used in a very different way. So historically we want to honor that, and we want to honor this film that has been so iconic for so many people.”5. THIS JANET IS A QUENTIN TARANTINO HEROINEIf you only know Justice from her Nickelodeon show Victorious, The Rocky Horror Picture Show can be a chance to see her grown up. Not only is she playing Janet, Brad’s chaste fiancée who has a sexual awakening with the creature Rocky, but she played the empowered sexuality like the heroine of a gritty, violent Tarantino film. Justice says you can hear it when she sings “Touch Me.”“It has almost like a Quentin Tarantino, sexy kind of twang to it in the beginning, which is really fun,” Justice said. “I think I was able to throw in some new ad libs in there that was really cool for me. I did all kinds of fun stuff.”&nbsp;6. IT’S TIME FOR KIDS TO SEE ROCKY HORRORThe original Rocky Horror Picture Show&nbsp;(pictured above in film poster) was rated R, but Justice admitted she saw it when she was 15. At 8 p.m. on Fox, kids younger than 15 will be able to witness the updated&nbsp;version, and Justice thinks that’s a good thing.“I think if I was a parent, I’d totally be down to show my fifth grader,” Justice said. “I’d be like, ‘This is a classic. You need to know these songs. You need to get familiar with these characters. You need to know who Tim Curry is.’ And then we would watch the original after.”Still, Justice respects your decision if you do not show your fifth grader Rocky Horror.“I think that’s up to the parents to make that choice,” Justice said. “It is airing on Fox. Even though the story is the same, the script is the same, it isn’t anything so scandalous that it wouldn’t be able to air on network TV. So really I think that’s just up to the parents’ discretion if they are comfortable showing their kids.”7. AND WATCH IT WITH THE WHOLE FAMILYNot only does the cast of 2016’s&nbsp;Rocky Horror Picture Show encourage young viewers to see the film, but they should share it with the whole family.&nbsp;Gender identity and open sexuality are topics parents&nbsp;are encouraged to discuss with kids, and Rocky Horror&nbsp;may help give parents a good opening.Justice recalled her mom taking her to that midnight show at age 15.“Actually my mom has always introduced me to all different types of art ever since I was little,” Justice said. “She’s like a super-cool mom who’s on the cutting edge of things. So it was so much fun, but it was so funny because I was a virgin to seeing a Rocky Horror midnight show, they were aware of it. The shadow cast took red lipstick and put a big V on my head and they drew a penis on my friend Josh’s face. So it was pretty funny. Our moms were up for the ride though.”8. COX IS LIVING PROOF ROCKY HORROR MATTERSCox has earned acclaim for the strides she’s made for trans acceptance. She’s broken down walls that stood in the way of trans actors in Hollywood, and it all goes back to The Rocky Horror Picture Show. The film was vital to Cox discovering who she is and having the courage to come out.“When I was a college student and discovered The Rocky Horror Picture Show, the character that Tim created became a template for my own exploration of my identity,” Cox said. “Because of Tim and the version of that movie, ‘Don’t dream it, be it’ became a personal mantra. I’m being it right now.”&nbsp;9. THE CAST LEARNED HOW TO GET SEXYThe kind of sexuality on display is not easy for everyone to access. It takes some viewers many performances and many years to go all the way and dress in fishnets and high heels like Frank-N-Furter and his minions. Everyone can go full Rocky Horror in their own time, but the cast of this movie had to rehearse specifically to bring the sexuality to life.“I think when I started rehearsals for this movie, we all really got in touch with the sexuality of it,” Justice said. “During our first day of rehearsal, Kenny had us all do an exercise together where we had to basically walk around the room with all the dancers and all the actors and make eye contact with different people. Then he would say, ‘Okay, melt.’ Then we’d have to go up to that person we’re next to and melt and drape all over them. I was a lot of fun.”10. CARNEY LEARNED TO WALK IN HIGH HEELSCarney played a different kind of monster on Showtime’s Penny Dreadful. He was Dorian Gray, the man who could remain young while his portrait aged instead. In Rocky Horror he plays Riff Raff, the role originated by Rocky Horror creator Richard O’Brien. It turns out, Carney really liked Riff Raff’s high heels.“I think any sort of obstacles, anything you have to fight against as an actor is generally a helpful thing,” Carney said. “So for me, having the heels was kind of cool. I really grew to love them, to be honest with you. I’d actually love to get a pair for myself to wear at home. They’re really comfortable. They were very form fitting to my foot. You did have to be careful when you go over to the side like that. You had to make sure you didn’t twist your ankle.”11. THE AUDIENCE PARTICIPATION HAS BEEN WORKSHOPPED FOR 40 YEARSMidnight screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show developed an audience participation component that became as famous as the film itself. Throw rice at the wedding scene. Call out answers to questions the characters ask. DVD and Blu-ray releases of the film have included audience participation recordings, but this film includes an audience in the film itself. They weren’t scripted, but the director still had to maintain some control.“When we shot the film and we filled the theater with fans, we tried many things,” Ortega said. “We wanted to make sure the callbacks didn’t get in the way of telling a story but that celebrated the telling of a story. So together it was trial and error. We would try them, and we would say, ‘That one really works. That one really supports the story. That one kind of gets in the way and draws us back’ and found a way to balance the callbacks into the arc of our full story.”While some fan groups tried to create a script that audiences around the world could follow, audience participation always became a sort of free for all. It’s hard to control a rowdy midnight crowd. The producers of Rocky Horror had final cut this time and chose the best audience participation moments.“The callbacks are natural,” Adler said. “You can’t write them. As in the first one, it’s a space that was not left for a callback. Something in the dialogue or the visual just prompted the audience to either put on a hat when someone on the screen put on a hat or make a comment when Janet Weiss did. It’s just a purely natural sort of thing. You don’t write them, as we never did for the original.”The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let’s Do the Time Warp Again&nbsp;airs Thursday, October 20 at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on Fox","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Max, TLC, Channel, Red, 2017, movies, international, canceled, Warner, cancelled, TV, female","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rocky-horror-11-reasons-to-do-the-time-warp-again"},{"id":"47508819319845","title":"Omari Hardwick’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Omari Hardwick's Five Favorite FilmsThe star of TV's Power, Sorry to Bother You, and the ambitious A Boy. A Girl. A Dream. loves Mean Girls and the classic Clash of the Titans.by Ryan Fujitani | September 18, 2018 |  Comments(Photo by Steven Ferdman/Getty Images)If you’re caught up on Starz’ hit series Power, you’re already well acquainted with Omari Hardwick, the Georgia-born actor who stars in the 50 Cent-produced crime drama as Ghost, a drug dealer looking to go straight. If you don’t watch the show, you may still know Hardwick from any of his appearances on series like Saved and Dark Blue or in movies like Kick-Ass, For Colored Girls, or Boots Riley’s acclaimed debut Sorry to Bother You earlier this year.Currently, Hardwick stars alongside longtime friend Meagan Good in a romantic drama called A Boy. A Girl. A Dream., about a man and woman who meet and begin to fall for each other on the night of the 2016 presidential election in Los Angeles. Like Alejandro González Iñárritu’s Oscar-winning Birdman, the ambitious film is presented in real time, shot in a single take as the two stars make their way from party to party over the course of the evening.Hardwick spoke to Rotten Tomatoes about his Five Favorite Films, noting that, “These movies I’m giving you, I came up with them knowing that what I have an affinity for presently — I’m 40 years old — I equally had at eight years old.” With that in mind, he found it difficult to narrow them down to just five, so read on for Omari Hardwick’s Seven Favorite Films.Mean Girls (2004)  84%One is probably the biggest surprise for my fanbase. If they were to say, “What’s the movie that would most surprise someone that Omari likes?” it would be Mean Girls. I love Mean Girls. Freaking love it.I think she’s at an age where she can watch it. So, we had it on, days before we get on the plane to come back to New York, because obviously, this time of year, we keep coming back for the start of&nbsp;Power.&nbsp;She started kindergarten, so I thought she’s old enough to watch it. But that fight scene in the hallway, with the girls, when everybody goes crazy on each other. She ran out, into her playroom, and I looked at my wife, like, “It’s Mean Girls. It’s not that bad.”What I realized is, part of my daughter’s reaction was because it’s so… not necessarily over the top, but it is. Where it’s not over the top is, girls, as you and I know, that’s the way they fight. Whereas, in kindergarten, we punched each other in the face, and then the guy that you punched becomes your best friend for 35 years. So, it’s just the level of truth in it that makes it so freaking funny. The level of how mean girls can be to each other just makes it really, really funny. Also, I just find Tina Fey’s writing to be very subtle, and so good.Coming to America (1988)  72%The other one in the comedy&nbsp;genre is an all-time classic,&nbsp;Coming to America. Like&nbsp;Harlem Nights,&nbsp;Coming to America, the rawness of it, Eddie and Arsenio’s relationship, just all the different characters Eddie was able to play and pull off — not a shabby job, Arsenio played a lot of characters himself —&nbsp; but the brilliance of Eddie Murphy. If they gave Oscars for comedies back then, that would have been the top of the list.You know, Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor turned in some incredible ones, too, but I tend to love what&nbsp;Coming to America was all about. Just the fact that it was New York, and how it started and where it went.Clash of the Titans (1981)  68%Clash of the Titans raised me, to the point where I probably watched&nbsp;it in my old apartment 35 times. It was a constant. It was so advanced for its time. Harry Hamlin was in it; he went on to be in&nbsp;L.A. Law with Blair Underwood. And the Kraken… It was so good! I could watch it over and over. I think they tried to remake it, right? With Sam Worthington? The original&nbsp;Clash of the Titans, though, is just… I could watch that all the time.The Shawshank Redemption (1994)  91%Shawshank, I guess, because of&nbsp;the quiet nature of the movie, the development of it. I’ve heard that it’s a movie that didn’t really catch the multitude of fanfare for a while. People didn’t catch on immediately. I got it immediately. I got the story, the narrative, and who can’t listen to Morgan Freeman narrate a movie all day long? Also, Tim Robbins killed it. Our very own William Sadler, of course, who has brought to us Tony Teresi, in terms of [Joseph Sikora’s] Tommy’s father in&nbsp;Power.&nbsp;Sadler was great in it. Clancy Brown, who was in&nbsp;The Guardian with me and Kevin Costner, one of my first castmates.&nbsp;The Guardian was probably my second big movie. So, I love&nbsp;Shawshank.Rocky (1976)  92%The first Rocky.&nbsp;Just an amazing movie. Whatever the hunger is, the fight, literally and figuratively, that Sylvester Stallone had in him to make the movie, right? To go through people saying, “Nah, nah.” And even Carl Weathers said, at one point, “Okay, this is incredible. So who’ll play Rocky?” And they’re like, “Sylvester Stallone, this young kid nobody knows.” And just him selling the dog, getting the dog back, the whole story behind it — during pre-production he buys the dog back. And Talia Shire was amazing, Francis Ford Coppola’s sister. It was just Sly Stallone at his very best, even as a writer-producer. And the incredible actor who played Mickey, Burgess Meredith. It’s an amazing movie you can watch over and over, no matter the gender or color or creed or religion.&nbsp;Rocky&nbsp;is a survivor’s movie, an American tale of a young kid trying to make good, and he finally makes good. It’s just such a great movie. The wardrobing, the score, the music, it’s unbelievable.Malcolm X (1992)  88%Denzel just became Malcolm, and Spike Lee did an incredible job. And again, the story behind that of getting Oprah, whomever else to aid in it, finishing the movie. Even Spike, and what he did as an actor, even if it’s sort of playing his thing. It was just really, really good. He’s&nbsp;done, obviously, great ones. You know the other ones, Mo’ Better Blues&nbsp;and&nbsp;School Daze, and Do the Right Thing&nbsp;was just unbelievable. But there was so much polish and the brilliance in how&nbsp;he did this testimonial of an iconic guy that many people at the end started to really relate to, even more than Dr. King.Une liaison pornographique (An Affair of Love) (A Pornographic Affair) (1999)  86%Rounding out my list would be a love story, and it’s a French film called&nbsp;An Affair of Love. That has always gotten me.&nbsp;It’s funny, I only know it on VHS; I got it years ago on VHS. I don’t remember if it was to study, you know, as a sprouting actor, and learning my craft, or if I just grabbed it.&nbsp;I had a friend at the time who was a struggling&nbsp;actor — you know, I don’t think God’s call for him was acting — but he&nbsp;worked at Blockbuster while we were all trying to make ends meet. I think he was doing inventory, if I’m not wrong. It was before Blockbuster was going to close, and I think I grabbed it one night, late at Blockbuster, trying to help him do inventory. But it’s&nbsp;An Affair of Love and it’s just incredible. Two lovers who basically, in France, to and from their respective jobs, on the train, to a room, but we never really see them in the room where they’re going, to have this affair. They start to fall for each other, then the cameras come in the room.Otherwise, we just see their physical persons walking down the hall, and then exiting, and then, sort of with their own friends or co-workers, trying to figure out what this is that’s happening to them. You finally get what they feel, by the cameras coming into the room, once they start to fall, and of course, when they fall in love, then the affair’s over. They can’t take it. It’s just brilliant. It’s called&nbsp;An Affair of Love. It’s a great film.Ryan Fujitani for Rotten Tomatoes: One of the defining aspects of A Boy. A Girl. A Dream. is that it takes place in real time, and it’s presented all in a&nbsp;Birdman-style single take. How difficult was that?Omari Hardwick: It was definitely a challenge. It required a level of trust in my fellow actor,&nbsp;specifically Meagan Good, who did an incredible job, but we were aided in the reality of having known each other for 20 years.When I got cut from the NFL, I did New York first, in terms of theater, crazy grimy theaters, never Broadway, off-Broadway, hole-in-the-wall theaters, and made it to L.A. pre-9/11. I found poetry venues immediately, being a writer. So, the movie definitely was aided by having a relationship that I had developed with her&nbsp;as far back as&nbsp;finding those poetry venues in L.A. Ironically, she was a 16-year-old actress who was really rocking it — she had come off of&nbsp;Eve’s Bayou or what have you, and we got close. But we’ve known each other for so long.And I would say, you know, she and Curtis, at one point, dated, Curtis being 50 Cent. He and I actually spoke about me and her working together, and how proud I was of her. I never thought that Meagan got enough, perhaps, credence for how intelligent she is, how expansive I believe her to be, but I think the window is not always as opportune for a brown, female actress to succeed, if that makes sense to you.So, it was a challenge, but it was also one of those things where, as a big brother, perhaps, I took on the backpack to carry the ad-libbing. Let me do what I can at this stature that I’m now blessed to have, obviously being a poet and stage actor, I can use my ability to improv and ad-lib. But more importantly, with her being cast to play it, let me try to work as hard as I can to make her see it in a different light.It was hard. It was definitely difficult. It was 60 pages, loosely, of us knowing the script, and then it was about 30 pages where they let us riff, and that’s a lot.RT:&nbsp;That’s a lot of room for improvisation.Hardwick:&nbsp;There was a lot of room. You know, the other actors… Dijon Talton I had worked with on&nbsp;I Will Follow, the first film of Ava DuVernay, and of course, she was Ava DuVernay. I did two movies with her. I did a movie called&nbsp;Middle of Nowhere, but I did a movie first called&nbsp;I Will Follow, and that was the guy who played the nephew of Salli Richardson, and his name is Dijon Talton. He plays the Uber driver [in&nbsp;A Boy. A Girl. A Dream.], so there was a relationship between us that aided. Jay Ellis and I had a lot of room to improv and riff, being that we were both promoters of a club and trying to figure that whole thing out. Obviously, you’re watching this in real time, as you said, as these two fall in love&nbsp;the night that Donald Trump wins, so again, the prior relationship that I had with Meagan helped a lot. And Qasim [Basir], the director, I know as well.So, those things are cheat sheets, of a sort. You’ve got CliffsNotes when you’ve got all of those people knowing each other, and I don’t really know if the same challenges would have been there, had we not known each other. That might have been a lot harder.RT: You&nbsp;just touched upon this, but obviously there is some politics baked into the background of this story, but let’s start with the confrontation with the police that happens in the film. That scene serves the story, providing a way for your character and Meagan’s character to reconcile after their misunderstanding. But considering all the media attention surrounding police brutality lately, how did you feel personally about performing that scene? Is that too personal or political a question to ask?Hardwick: No, I think it’s a good question, and&nbsp;the reason I think it’s a good question is because, you as a journalist, no matter what race you are or gender,&nbsp;&nbsp;you can never know who you’re really talking to, but if you&nbsp;weren’t born yesterday — or,&nbsp;if you were born yesterday, if you at least stayed up all night — most people would imagine that at some point, an actor of the age range of an Omari Hardwick, who is an African-American male in this society, has definitely had his hand in that actual experience. We can relate to the fate of the Freddie Grays, the Michael Browns, the Trayvon Martins. It’s one of those things we’ve been through. We’re not that far from the reality of a lot of things, but as a country, we try to brush it under the carpet, is my point.I don’t think you could ever talk to any African-American actor who’s in the position that I’m in — or even as young as a Michael B. Jordan, who’s a likable brother but younger than me, or a Jay Ellis, or Dijon Talton, or John David Washington, Denzel’s son — you could never speak to these people and not expect that we, at some point, have all experienced the things that Cass did in the film&nbsp;A Boy. A Girl. A Dream. I have definitely had seven to nine knees in my back, those knees being attached to five to seven different cops, of all races and gender, and an Asian cop running in, throwing a flashlight on my face and going, “Pick him up. He’s six shades lighter than the suspect.”That’s a real story. I was 23 years old and 200 pounds, fresh off the football field, so not yet New York theater. That’s fresh off the football field, living in a $350 apartment that I eventually left pretty soon after. But that night, the milk exploded on the ground as I had just returned from the store — probably living on cereal. The freaking extension cord that I bought from the local Home Depot, because the chick I was dating was super cool and hooked me up with a TV in downtown L.A. — just a little visual for you — and then, it took just a nanosecond of walking down the street, probably literally whistling, minding my own, you know, because I fit the description of a murder suspect.So it’s not a political question when you’re talking to people, I would imagine, my age, who are African-American, because we probably have been through it. It is what it is. You kind of play those scenes out. You don’t necessarily think about how personal it is to you, but… You know how the saying goes, “All we ever needed to know, we learned in kindergarten?” I would imagine that all we ever really needed to know about how to react to hate, that comes from that of racism. A lot of brown kids have known by a little after kindergarten, if you think about it. It’s there. So that one ain’t as hard to play for me, brother.RT:&nbsp;Thanks for being open about all that; I appreciate that. Lastly, touching again on the politics in the movie, even with all of that&nbsp;happening in the background, there is a bit of a romance going on, but it’s more about the hopefulness, I think, that your characters are able to hold on to. With that in mind, what would you like viewers to take away most from this movie, which is a technical achievement, an acting achievement, and a statement of politics?Hardwick:&nbsp;I think that’s a well set-up question. I think that the prior answer to the prior question perhaps is the best segue into that. Adding to what I said before, we live in two different Americas. We really do. We don’t talk about it enough.Not to become political, but whether you agree with what [Colin] Kaepernick stands for or not, or whether you think it’s motivated by different intentions, the reality is, he’s not off in stating that he wants the country better. I don’t think that a biracial kid who was adopted by white people wants the country to not be better, in terms of forward progress, right?So, I think with the movie, Qasim and producer Datari Turner — and I gotta give a shout-out to Steve Holleran, our DP, who was able to do all that camera stuff in one take, who is a red-headed white American — we are all in this huddle together, all looking different, obviously the gender of Meagan being different. The reality was, we all believed that there’s an unspoken truth, where we didn’t need to say it verbally, but telepathically we could communicate, as higher thinking beings who happen to be gifted, that A) there are two different Americas, and B) all human beings want a hug, right? Everybody wants a hug. Ultimately, after that, everyone has a dream, even if it’s demented, in terms of how the dream is influenced. Everyone dreams.I think the best way to answer your question is, how do dreams smell and look, as they pertain to brown people in a country that seems divided in two? Does that mean that if a Ryan Gosling or Leo DiCaprio are playing Cass, and Meagan’s character is played by Rachel McAdams, it looks any different? No.&nbsp;The Notebook was one of the greatest love stories of our time. Our generation goes crazy about it. Diana Ross’ and our boy Billie Dee Williams’&nbsp;Mahogany, right? Or&nbsp;Lady Sings the Blues. But truly, the blues you’re seeing a little bit, when you are brown, is that you’re still trying to have someone&nbsp;corroborate or justify or validate your dream, whether it be a first grade teacher believing that you can be what you’ve raised your hand and said you wanted to be, or protecting it. Like, Oprah Winfrey, she often brings to the forefront a white teacher — that first grade teacher believed in Oprah. That woman doesn’t look like Oprah.It doesn’t matter the color of the person who believes in your dreams, but it does matter with the way America is, in terms of how that plays out that dream. So Donald Trump as a backdrop, or him winning the election, with this sort of thematic mantra that he lives his life with, is not befitting of these two guys in the movie that me and Meagan’s characters encounter. Then there’s other people&nbsp;that validate and justify what we feel in the characters. Even a cameo by Kenya Barris, right? In reality, without making it a race issue, we always try to make it a Trump issue, which is, just simply recognize that everyone wants a hug, everybody dreams, who wouldn’t root for somebody dreaming? And at the end of it, the political backdrop sort of speaks to the fact that, how&nbsp;is that dream, in terms of it being executed, and how does that look, if you don’t necessarily look like those that are able to get the American Pie, typically. It doesn’t mean we can’t get it, but the operative word is “typically,” because it doesn’t look the same for brown folks. Maybe this was always America. Who knows, right? You tell me what the painting is or what it used to be. Maybe it’s the same as it’s always been.A Boy. A Girl. A Dream.&nbsp;opened in limited release on Friday, September 14. It’s also available to stream here.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Spring, 24, Video, video, anthology, Box, leads, Schedule, SundanceTV, Action, Video, America, Awards","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/18184908/Omari-Hardwick-FFF-Rep.jpg","slug":"omari-hardwicks-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508789281527","title":"Critics Consensus: Toy Story 3 Is Certified Fresh","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Toy Story 3 Is Certified FreshPlus, Jonah Hex is an incomprehensible mess.by Tim Ryan | June 18, 2010 |  CommentsThis week at the movies brings the return of Pixar’s most iconic heroes (Toy Story 3, with voice work by Tom Hanks and Tim Allen) as well as a supernatural bounty hunter (Jonah Hex, starring Josh Brolin and Megan Fox). What do the critics have to say?[tomatometer]MuzeID=1196045[/tomatometer]Toy Story 3Few (if any) studios can boast a critical and commercial streak that’s been as astonishing as Pixar’s. Now, with Toy Story 3, the company’s creative minds have reprised the characters that have long been their trademark, and the critical response has run from positive to borderline ecstatic. In this third (and most likely final) installment, Woody, Buzz, and the rest of the gang have been mistakenly donated to a day-care center; pretty soon, the toys are planning a daring escape, all the while dealing with complex, bittersweet emotional issues. Critics say it should hardly come as a surprise that Pixar’s latest film is a remarkably assured blend of action, comedy, and pathos, one that should appeal to kids of all ages. As of this writing, the Certified Fresh Toy Story 3 is, like its predecessors, at 100 percent on the Tomatometer, and is one of the best-reviewed films of the year. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we run down every Pixar feature in chronological order.)[tomatometer]MuzeID=1229157[/tomatometer]Jonah HexFrom the top of the Tomatometer to the bottom we go. Critics say the stylistically bold but haphazardly structured Jonah Hex is a modest showcase for the talents of Josh Brolin, but fails on nearly every other level. Based on the cult-classic comic book, Hex stars Brolin as the title character, a disfigured gunslinger who wanders about a neo-western landscape and, eventually, attempts to thwart a terrorist plot on our nation’s capital. The pundits say Jonah Hex is loud, incoherently edited, and, at 81 minutes, mercifully short.Also opening this week in limited release:Let It Rain, a dramedy about a successful author whose life is turned upside down when she enters the political realm, is at 87 percent.Cyrus, starring John C. Reilly and Jonah Hill in a comedy about a divorcee in a new relationship who finds himself competing with his girlfreind’s grown son, is at 81 percent.I Am Love, starring Tilda Swinton in the tale of a family in upheaval after the sudden death of its patriarch, is at 79 percent.Stonewall Uprising, a documentary about the riot that sparked the modern gay rights movement, is at 77 percentWah Do Dem, a comedy about a lovelorn hipster stranded in Jamaica, is at 67 percent.The Nature of Existence, in which a filmmaker travels the world asking questions about the meaning of life, is at 60 percent.The Killer Inside Me, starring Casey Affleck and Kate Hudson in an adaptation of Jim Thompson’s pulp classic about a small town sociopath, is at 51 percent.8: The Mormon Proposition, a documentary about the church’s involvement in California’s anti-gay marriage legislation, is at 36 percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"killer, Emmy, Century, international, Ice, DGA, of, movies, Amazon, Paquin, 78th, superhero, Holidays, football, color","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"critics-consensus-toy-story-3-is-certified-fresh"},{"id":"47614147002243","title":"Jonathan Demme: 1944-2017","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Jonathan Demme: 1944-2017by Jeff Giles | April 26, 2017 |  Comments(Photo by Cindy Ord/Getty Images for Tribeca Film Festival)Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, a filmmaker whose distinguished career ran the gamut from acclaimed music-driven efforts such as the Talking Heads concert documentary Stop Making Sense to socially conscious dramas like Philadelphia, has passed away at the age of 73 following a struggle with esophageal cancer and heart disease.Born in New York’s Nassau County on Feb. 22, 1944, Demme cut his filmmaking teeth with producer Roger Corman, working for the low-budget legend on a series of early-to-mid-’70s efforts before graduating to directing with 1974’s Caged Heat. He made the leap to studio filmmaking in 1977, helming the Paramount-distributed CB movie Citizens Band, and earned a measure of early critical acclaim with the 1980 limited release Melvin and Howard.That early taste of success presaged a wildly eclectic decade for Demme, who’d hopscotch between period comedy (1984’s Swing Shift), documentary (Stop Making Sense), screwball romance (Something Wild), and a film adaptation of stage monologuist Spalding Gray’s classic Swimming to Cambodia. By the late ’80s, he’d proven his hand with a wide variety of genres — but it was a jump into full-blown horror that truly marked Demme’s mainstream breakthrough.An adaptation of Thomas Harris’ bestselling novel of the same name, 1991’s The Silence of the Lambs proved a runaway success, earning nearly $300 million at the box office and becoming one of the few horror movies to earn major awards — including the so-called “big five” Oscars for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Adapted Screenplay. While the response to Lambs inevitably led into a franchise, Demme didn’t direct any of the sequels, instead continuing to let his muse lead him through a varied assortment of projects.That approach paid immediate dividends with 1993’s Philadelphia, which earned Tom Hanks a Best Actor Oscar, while leaving room for a growing body of work on the commercial margins, including a continuing series of music-fueled documentaries, several of which focused on the life and music of Neil Young. More recently, Demme earned critical raves for his work helming the 2016 concert film Justin Timberlake + the Tennessee Kids.Demme continued to work despite his health struggles, curating screenings at the Jacob Burns Film Center in Pleasantville, NY and reportedly making his way through pre-production on another new movie. He is survived by his wife, artist Joanne Howard, and their three children.For Jonathan Demme’s complete filmography on Rotten Tomatoes, click here.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"comic, Larson, child's, Exclusive, fast, in, historical, disaster, vampires, Netflix, superhero, RT21, Star","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"jonathan-demme-1944-2017"},{"id":"47508934835313","title":"Red Carpet Roundup with Teresa Palmer, Courtney Eaton,  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and  More","content":"Red Carpet Roundupgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})Red Carpet Roundup with Teresa Palmer, Courtney Eaton, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Moreby Alex Vo | February 25, 2016 |  CommentsCheck out Teresa Palmer, Courtney Eaton, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and more at the red carpet premieres of&nbsp;Gods of Egypt&nbsp;and&nbsp;Triple 9:Courtney EatonNikolaj Coster-Waldau (L) and Elodie YungTeresa PalmerAbbey LeeCharlotte RossAdriana FonsecaElodie YungMichelle AngNorman ReedusCarly CraigAaron Paul and Lauren ParsekianGerard ButlerCourtney Eatonlodie Yung (L) and Jonathan HowardVictoria SilvstedtAbbey Lee","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"Mudbound, of, TIFF, spanish, Marvel, obituary, guild","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/25134818/600RCRGods.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-roundup-with-teresa-palmer-courtney-eaton-nikolaj-coster-waldau-and-more"},{"id":"47508683294522","title":"Doom Patrol’s Abigail Shapiro Teases The Candlemaker’s Terrifying Arrival","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Doom Patrol’s Abigail Shapiro Teases The Candlemaker's Terrifying ArrivalThe HBO Max/DC Universe series' breakout star breaks down her part in this week's episode, \"Dad Patrol,\" and what's to come from her most powerful not-totally-imaginary friend.by Aaron Pruner | July 30, 2020 |  CommentsDoom Patrol&nbsp;season 2 new addition Abigail Shapiro has injected a little heart and a little horror into dark, wacky, and super-violent HBO Max/DC Universe series so far. Shapiro plays Niles Caulder’s (Timothy Dalton) peculiar young daughter Dorothy Spinner.While it’s one thing to have an 11-year-old child running around Doom Manor, it’s a whole other issue to learn&nbsp;that this kid has a set of powerful imaginary friends&nbsp;who can&nbsp;cause some serious damage — one fiery bloke, in particular,&nbsp;can bring on the apocalypse at a moment’s notice. And with each episode this season, world-ending monster The Candlemaker has continued to grow stronger.Spoiler alert: This article discusses plot details of Doom Patrol episode 208, “Dad Patrol.” Stop here if you haven’t watched the episode.&nbsp;Niles has tried his best to keep his daughter sheltered from the world,&nbsp;while also sheltering all of humanity from her supremely dangerous potential. Now Dorothy is growing up, which&nbsp;causes&nbsp;Niles a lot of anxiety —&nbsp; a universal experience all parents can relate to really.As the episodes have progressed, we’ve watched Dorothy piece together the truth about her experience living under Danny the Street and her father’s true motivations in keeping her there. But as much as Niles has worked to keep Dorothy a child forever,&nbsp;the girl’s desire to be taken seriously (along with that pesky getting older thing) has made her father’s fear an inevitable reality.(Photo by DC Universe)The majority of the story that plays out in Thursday’s episode, “Dad Patrol,” is setting up this tragedy to take place. Niles wants to put Dorothy back into captivity.&nbsp; And Dorothy, who experienced getting her first period earlier in the episode, decides it’s best not to tell her father. She’s growing up. And while a trip to the carnival gives them a fun daddy-daughter day away from it all,&nbsp;no one can&nbsp;keep Dorothy from maturing.&nbsp;Not even Niles.Rotten Tomatoes had the opportunity to speak with Shapiro about Thursday’s “Dad Patrol” episode. During our chat, the 20-year-old actress discussed the challenges&nbsp;she faced while wearing prosthetics,&nbsp;the fractured trust issues Dorothy has with her father, and the impact The Candlemaker’s arrival will potentially have on the series moving forward. Considering the fact that Doom Patrol is the actress’s first-ever television role, her perspective of Dorothy’s growth — and the fear that comes with it — adds a welcome sense of clarity and humor to&nbsp;the girl’s challenging&nbsp;journey.(Photo by Photography: Emily Assiran; Hair/Makeup: Chelsea Gehr)Aaron Pruner for Rotten Tomatoes: I want to start this off by talking about the possible challenges you faced as a 20-year-old woman playing an 11-year-old girl.Abigail Shapiro: It wasn’t actually too much of a challenge because I’m very small. And I look pretty young for my age. I’ve been playing kids for a very long time. So it wasn’t something that was very new to me. Also, when you’re that young you don’t think of yourself as a little kid, you kind of think you’re already grown up. So I tried to put myself in that mindset and let my inner freedom child run free.Dorothy’s a little girl but she’s also roughly 175-years-old. So there is an element of maturity, but also a yearning to hold on to her childlike wonder. Was&nbsp;that a fun dynamic to play?Shapiro: Yeah, definitely. She’s been kept away for so long, so she really hasn’t seen much of the world. Her growing up has kind of been put on hold for all of these decades if you think about it. And I don’t think she actually started to grow up until the minute they saved her out of the dark. That’s the first time in years she actually got a glimpse of the world and something other than Danny and her dad, occasionally.(Photo by Mark Hill/ 2019 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved.)Since you’re covered in makeup, did you find your facial expressions stifled? Because the emotionality of the character really comes across a lot more through the use of her voice.&nbsp;Did you find that to be the case when&nbsp;working to bring Dorothy to life?Shapiro: Yeah, I focused on it a bit more actually. My sister, I was rehearsing with her, my younger sister Milly Shapiro (Hereditary). She helps me with a lot of my work. I was rehearsing with her and she was like, “You really need to focus on your voice acting because your face movements are going to be compromised.” And I was like, you’re right. So it’s because of her I really started to focus on that a little bit more.Was it a lengthy application process?Shapiro: The process took about three hours in the beginning, and then we got it down to two hours. And I&nbsp;wear a prosthetic chin, nose, and lips, a little bit of the cheeks, the forehead, then the fake hair and I wear the fake teeth. And actually, the fake teeth were the most difficult part because I had to do the British accent and my diction was already compromised from wearing these giant fake teeth. So that was the biggest challenge with the process.(Photo by DC Universe)You mentioned Danny the Street, earlier. In episode 4, “Sex Patrol,” Dorothy learns he wasn’t just her friend but also the prison that held her captive all these years. Was that the moment she started really listening to this darker voice, The Candlemaker, in her head?Shapiro: I think so, definitely. She’s been trapped away for so long and she lived underneath Danny for decades and she’s only heard the parties going on. She’s never been able to actually go. So actually going to a Danny party and seeing everything makes her realize that she’s been trapped for so long and hasn’t had the chance to experience the world and everyone who she thought cared about her were not the people who she thought they were. She basically realizes her father doesn’t want her to grow up; no one really does. And she has been unable to experience anything. It’s the moment she realizes that the world isn’t all rainbows and daisies. You have to experience the darker sides of the world, too, in order to grow up. And she’s never experienced the darker sides of the world. I think she starts to listen to The Candlemaker because she no longer really trusts everyone around her, completely, as a child would.Still, Danny the Street represented friendship and safety to Dorothy. What do you think The Candlemaker represents to her?Shapiro: The Candlemaker, I think, represents the parts of herself that she doesn’t like. Her inner demons. And throughout the season, especially in episode 8, she learns that she needs to actually face her inner demons in order to embrace them and ultimately grow up, because it isn’t until your face these inner demons and the parts of yourself that you don’t like that you can really take control of your life and build your own path and grow up.(Photo by DC Universe)There’s a pivotal scene in this week’s episode&nbsp;where Dorothy is in a gas station and experiences her first real puberty moment. It feels like this is a shocking instance where she is being forced to confront herself and her body for the first time, and acknowledge she can’t stop herself from maturing into a young woman.Shapiro: Yeah, she gets a period. And she doesn’t really know what a period is. It’s kind of like her Carrie White moment.That’s a great way of putting it.Shapiro: And it’s the moment she realizes that she’s growing up whether she likes it or not. She can’t stop it, it’s inevitable. And she can’t be who everyone wants her to be. She can only be who she wants to be. But it’s that moment of panicking of like, Oh my god, I’m no longer the same person. I am no longer a little girl. What’s going to happen? Like, what will the future hold? It’s that kind of situation that’s saying, like, OK, you’re growing up! You’re grown up now! And it’s just slapping her in the face.That said, there is a lovely interaction between her and the woman in the gas station who ultimately helps her. After the constant protection and sheltering Niles has put her through, and the, sort of, lessons of not trusting those in the world, this woman provides Dorothy a reprieve. It’s&nbsp;a nice little bit of hope amid the chaos.Shapiro: It’s a beautiful moment of women helping women. I feel like you don’t see that very often, that kind of specific bond. That’s definitely a beautiful moment and Dorothy realizes she’s not alone. That everyone goes through [something like] this.(Photo by DC Universe)Niles just wants to protect Dorothy, but he also wants to protect the world from Dorothy. How do you think The Candlemaker’s arrival, which is teased at the end of this episode, impact their relationship moving forward?Shapiro:&nbsp;I can’t say too much because I don’t want to spoil anything … I feel like there’s definitely regret on not being completely honest. But I feel like, just that moment of the candle wax exploding and The Candlemaker emerging is everything she’s been hiding, everything she’s been holding deep down inside her for so long. It’s just bursting at the seams. All those emotions she was holding in are just exploding.The Candlemaker is all about granting wishes because, after the third one, he becomes real. What do you think Dorothy’s biggest wish is?Shapiro:&nbsp;I think her biggest wish is really anyone’s biggest wish: just to be accepted, to have a family, and to be loved.Doom Patrol season 2 is now streaming on HBO Max and DC Universe.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"Women's","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/30145526/doom-patrol-201-dorothy-600x314.jpg","slug":"new-doom-patrol-star-abigail-shapiro-teases-the-candlemaker-arrival"},{"id":"47509043096641","title":"Video: Magic Mike XXL Cast Makes It Rain","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Magic Mike XXL Cast Makes It Rainby Grae Drake | July 1, 2015 |  CommentsChanning Tatum, Matt Bomer, Donald Glover, Stephen tWitch Boss, Joe Manganiello, Jada Pinkett Smith, Amber Heard, Andie MacDowell, Kevin Nash, and Adam Rodriguez all came out for Magic Mike XXL interviews. But nothing could have prepared them for this.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"high, marvel, It, archives, cartoon","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Magic-Mike-Cast.jpg","slug":"video-magic-mike-xxl-cast-makes-it-rain"},{"id":"47508656017994","title":"The Best Netflix Documentaries and Docuseries to Binge-Watch Now","content":"(Photo by Courtesy Netflix)The 86 Best Netflix Documentaries and DocuseriesLast updated:&nbsp;March 9, 2021Ever since&nbsp;Making A Murderer&nbsp;debuted in 2015,&nbsp;introducing the world to the Avery and Dassey families and defining what would make for water-cooler TV in the streaming era, Netflix has&nbsp;been pushing out compelling documentary series and documentary movies one after the other. While at first the service debuted a new, compelling doc every few months, but now it’s a matter of weeks before the world is once again caught up in a wild tale of corruption, murder, and mystery, most often populated with&nbsp;extremely&nbsp;colorful characters. Or blown away by an Oscar-worthy look at some of the most interesting corners of life around the globe.But which are the&nbsp;most&nbsp;compelling documentaries and bingeable documentary series on the streaming service?To help answer that question, we went through every Netflix original documentary and documentary series, collected the most critically acclaimed, and ranked them by Tomatometer. Our criteria was simple: To be included, the series had to be Fresh and have accrued reviews from more than 10 critics. Where there were ties, the title with more reviews ranked higher.In the list, you’ll discover some&nbsp;famous series that dominated headlines and captured the zeitgeist upon their release, 2020’s big conversation-starter&nbsp;Tiger King&nbsp;among them. You’ll also discover that Netflix documentaries cover subjects far beyond death and trials and fascinating cold cases. Want to see what it takes to make it as a young athlete?&nbsp;Press play on&nbsp;Cheer&nbsp;and&nbsp;Last Chance U. Looking for some foodie inspiration?&nbsp;Ugly Delicious&nbsp;and&nbsp;Salt Fat Acid Heat&nbsp;should satisfy. Looking for a profile of someone fascinating? Try Michelle Obama documentary&nbsp;Becoming,&nbsp;Gaga: Five Foot Two,&nbsp;or&nbsp;Tig. After insights into some of the biggest issues facing the world today? Turn to&nbsp;Ava DuVernay’s&nbsp;13th&nbsp;and Oscar-winner&nbsp;American Factory.The latest additions include the critically acclaimed series Immigration Nation and Pretend It’s a City,&nbsp;travel adventure series&nbsp;Down to Earth with Zac Efron, intriguing documentaries about LGBTQ+ icons&nbsp;Disclosure and Mucho Mucho Amor,&nbsp;news-making features including Athlete A and The Social Dilemma, and much more.&nbsp;Where do they rank in our list of the best documentaries and docuseries Netflix has to offer? Find out below.What’s your favorite Netflix documentary? Let us know in the comments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Take me to Docuseries | Take me to Documentary MoviesBest Netflix DocuseriesDon't F**k With Cats: Hunting an Internet Killer: Limited Series (2019) 67%#41Adjusted Score: 67.078% Critics Consensus: Don't F**k With Cats offers an intriguing tale, but questionable intent and muddled storytelling make it a hard sell for anyone but true crime completists.Synopsis: A twisted criminal's gruesome videos drive a group of amateur online sleuths to launch a risky manhunt that pulls them... [More]Starring:Fear City: New York vs The Mafia: Season 1 (2020) 68%#40Adjusted Score: 68.802% Critics Consensus: Compelling interviews and a slick style help Fear City entertain, but those already familiar with the case will find few new insights.Synopsis: Throughout the 1970s and '80s, the \"Five Families\" of the New York mafia--Bonanno, Colombo, Gambino, Genovese and Luccese--held a powerful,... [More]Starring:History of Swear Words: Season 1 (2020) 70%#39Adjusted Score: 71.212% Critics Consensus: Brevity may be the soul of wit, but digging a little deeper could only help History of Swear Words - a show that almost lives up to its name and host, but falls a little f-king short.Synopsis: Nicolas Cage hosts this proudly profane, funny and engagingly educational series about the history and impact of the most notorious... [More]Starring:Dark Tourist: Season 1 (2018) 70%#38Adjusted Score: 70.607% Critics Consensus: Host David Farrier's empathetic curiosity keeps Dark Tourist from feeling too exploitative -- though shallow observations about its macabre destinations often leave something to be desired.Synopsis: A look at strange and often dangerous tourism spots around the world.... [More]Starring:Down to Earth with Zac Efron: Season 1 (2020) 71%#37Adjusted Score: 71.147% Critics Consensus: Zac Efron's earnest exploration certainly comes off as Down to Earth, but the show's lack of focus undermines its important environmental message.Synopsis: Wellness specialist Darin Olien teams up with actor Zac Efron seeking healthy lifestyle practices from around the world.... [More]Starring: Zac EfronNight Stalker: The Hunt for a Serial Killer: Limited Series (2021) 73%#36Adjusted Score: 75.376% Critics Consensus: Though Night Stalker: The Hunt for a Serial Killer succumbs to the sensational side of true crime, it paints a fascinating, chilling portrait of a killer and the city he terrorized.Synopsis: Beneath the sunlit glamour of 1985 LA lurks a relentlessly evil serial killer. In this true-crime story, two detectives won't... [More]Starring:The Innocent Man: Season 1 (2018) 74%#35Adjusted Score: 74.848% Critics Consensus: The Innocent Man will satisfy true crime aficionados looking for a slickly packaged mystery, but viewers seeking a more probing deconstruction of the justice system may come away disappointed.Synopsis: In 1982, 21-year-old Debra Sue \"Debbie\" Carter is raped and killed inside her home. In 1984, another Ada woman, 24-year-old... [More]Starring:High Score: Miniseries (2020) 76%#34Adjusted Score: 77.048% Critics Consensus: Though it takes on one too many side quests on its journey through video game history, High Score has enough nostalgia to entertain players of all ages.Synopsis: This documentary series explores the rise of the golden era in gaming, a time rife with competition, innovation and flat-out... [More]Starring:Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez: Season 1 (2020) 67%#33Adjusted Score: 67.475% Critics Consensus: Though it can't help but feel a little incomplete given the circumstances, The Killer Inside crafts a compelling overview of a series of tragic events.Synopsis: As a gifted young football athlete from Bristol, Connecticut, Aaron Hernandez had capitalized rapidly on his promise, playing for a... [More]Starring:Chelsea Does: Season 1 (2016) 79%#32Adjusted Score: 76.695% Critics Consensus: Chelsea Does manages to investigate some meaningful topics, but the show's polarizing namesake is also its greatest liability.Synopsis: A documentary series exploring four topics: marriage; racism; technology; and drugs.... [More]Starring: Chelsea Handler, Leah Remini, Willie Nelson, Noel BidermanThe Trials of Gabriel Fernandez: Miniseries (2020) 82%#31Adjusted Score: 73.899% Critics Consensus: The Trials of Gabriel Fernandez is a sobering, if at times too sensational for its own good, exposé of a very broken system.Synopsis: In 2013, 8-year-old Gabriel Fernandez died as a result of horrific and prolonged abuse by his mother and her boyfriend.... [More]Starring:The Family: Limited Series (2019) 80%#30Adjusted Score: 71.886% Critics Consensus: Though The Family's open ended-ness undermines its impact, it manages to craft a compelling picture of a shocking truth.Synopsis: Investigative journalists expose The Family, a Christian fundamentalist organization quietly operating in the corridors of power in Washington, D.C.... [More]Starring: James Cromwell, David Rysdahl, Ben Rosenfield (II), Zachary BoothThe Ripper: Limited Series (2020) 82%#29Adjusted Score: 73.899% Synopsis: Investigators and witnesses recall how a modern-day Jack the Ripper terrorized the north of England during the late 1970s.... [More]Starring:Directed By: Ellena WoodEvil Genius: The True Story of America's Most Diabolical Bank Heist: Season 1 (2018) 80%#28Adjusted Score: 81.41% Critics Consensus: Evil Genius makes up for a lack of conviction and nuance with an intriguing sense of discovery and plenty of entertaining insanity.Synopsis: In 2003 in Erie, Pennsylvania, a robbery gone wrong and a terrifying public murder capture the nation's attention, and a... [More]Starring:Directed By: Barbara SchroederBlack Hollywood: They've Gotta Have Us: Season 1 (2018) 82%#27Adjusted Score: 72.469% Critics Consensus: A fascinating, if incomplete, look at the history and future of black film, They Gotta Have Us is essential viewing for film buffs and new fans alike.Synopsis: A portrait of how art and activism for black people in film are indivisible from race and cinema.... [More]Starring: Simon Frederick, Harry Belafonte, Earl Cameron, Diahann CarrollJeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich (0) 82%#26Synopsis: Leading up to his 2019 arrest, mysterious tycoon Jeffrey Epstein was accused of abusing women and underage girls for decades,... [More]Starring:Challenger: The Final Flight: Miniseries (2020) 84%#25Adjusted Score: 84.557% Critics Consensus: Challenger: The Final Flight doesn't uncover any new information, but intimate interviews elevate its well-crafted, heartbreaking retelling of an avoidable national tragedySynopsis: Executive produced by J.J. Abrams and Glen Zipper, CHALLENGER: THE FINAL FLIGHT is a four-part docuseries that examines the 1986... [More]Starring:Directed By: Steven LeckartMaking a Murderer (2015) 84%#24Synopsis: Filmed over a 10-year period, Making a Murderer is an unprecedented real-life thriller about a DNA exoneree who, while in... [More]Starring:Directed By: Moira DemosTrial by Media: Season 1 (2020) 86%#23Adjusted Score: 86.147% Critics Consensus: A fascinating time capsule that doesn't draw many conclusions, Trial by Media considers the consequences of broadcasting high-profile court cases.Synopsis: In our modern media landscape where real courtroom dramas have increasingly been transformed into a form of entertainment, the Netflix... [More]Starring:Directed By: Skye Borgman, Garrett Bradley, Yance Ford, Brian McGinnTiger King: Season 1 (2020) 85%#22Adjusted Score: 92.029% Critics Consensus: A bizarre true crime story you have to see to believe, Tiger King is a messy and captivating portrait of obsession gone terribly wrong.Synopsis: Among the eccentrics and cult personalities in the stranger-than-fiction world of big cat owners, few stand out more than Joe... [More]Starring:Directed By: Eric GoodePretend It's a City: Limited Series (2021) 90%#21Adjusted Score: 92.07% Critics Consensus: If Pretend It's a City can't quite live up to its central duo's creative clout, it's still a delight to see their love for their city - and one another -- in full bloom.Synopsis: Wander the New York City streets and fascinating mind of wry writer, humorist and raconteur Fran Lebowitz as she sits... [More]Starring: Fran LebowitzMurder Among The Mormons: Limited Series (2021) 88%#20Adjusted Score: 88.739% Critics Consensus: Investigating an outrageous but true story with restraint, Murder Among the Mormons is entertaining true-crime pulp and a fascinating examination of a community.Synopsis: High-stakes exploits turn deadly - and shake a global church to its core - in this extraordinary true crime story. ... [More]Starring:Directed By: Jared HessWormwood: Miniseries (2017) 90%#19Adjusted Score: 92.68% Critics Consensus: Wormwood's real-life mystery unfolds in hypothetical tendrils guided by Errol Morris' singular vision and style that will keep viewers engaged despite the four-hour run time.Synopsis: Combining a virtuosic performance by Peter Sarsgaard with Morris' legendary interview style, Wormwood examines this case from every possible angle,... [More]Starring: Peter Sarsgaard, Molly Parker, Christian Camargo, Scott ShepherdDogs: Season 1 (2018) 92%#18Adjusted Score: 92.044% Critics Consensus: Dogs is a kindhearted series that offers viewers a glimpse of several extraordinary canines and the people they orbit, resulting in a hopeful celebration of humanity and its best friend.Synopsis: An elegant, engaging and cinematic verite documentary series celebrating the deep emotional bonds between people and their beloved four-legged best... [More]Starring:Our Planet: Season 1 (2019) 93%#17Adjusted Score: 94.696% Critics Consensus: A cornucopia of visual wonder and environmental advocacy, Our Planet's breathtaking cinematography explores more of this beautiful, blue marble while presenting an urgent call to action to its inhabitants.Synopsis: The ambitious four-year project has been filmed in 50 countries across all the continents of the world, with crew capturing... [More]Starring:The Staircase: Season 1 (2005) 94%#16Adjusted Score: 96.979% Critics Consensus: The Staircase -- in its newly expanded form -- offers a gripping, detailed depiction of the complex justice system, even if the overall narrative lacks objectivity.Synopsis: Documentary series focusing on a murder case in North Carolina.... [More]Starring:Last Chance U (2016) 94%#15Synopsis: Directed by Greg Whiteley (Mitt, New York Doll, Resolved), Last Chance U is a character driven, gut-wrenching behind-the-scenes look at... [More]Starring: Buddy Stephens, Brittany Wagner (I)Flint Town: Season 1 (2018) 95%#14Adjusted Score: 95.607% Critics Consensus: Flint Town dives deep into an essential subject matter with admirable objectivity while presenting candid -- and hard-hitting -- personal testimonials.Synopsis: In the aftermath of the Flint water crisis, Flint Town takes an intimate look at the state of policing in... [More]Starring:Bobby Kennedy for President: Season 1 (2018) 95%#13Adjusted Score: 95.687% Critics Consensus: Bobby Kennedy for President crafts a poignant, nuanced view of a political process and a human being.Synopsis: The eye-opening and transformative four-part docuseries Bobby Kennedy for President utilizes rare and never-before-seen archival footage -- much of it... [More]Starring: Peter Edelman, Paul Schrade, William Arnone, Harry BelafonteThe Vietnam War: Miniseries (2017) 96%#12Adjusted Score: 98.467% Critics Consensus: The Vietnam War revisits a dark chapter in American history with patience, grace, and a refreshing -- and sobering -- perspective informed by those who fought.Synopsis: A history of the Vietnam War that features insights from U.S. soldiers, Americans who opposed the war, Vietnamese combatants and... [More]Starring:Directed By: Ken BurnsCheer: Season 1 (2020) 97%#11Adjusted Score: 98.458% Critics Consensus: With an inspirational troupe of teens and willingness to engage in the tougher trials facing the sport today, Cheer perfectly captures the highs and lows of what it takes to be a cheerleader.Synopsis: This gripping docuseries follows the ups and downs of Navarro College's competitive cheer squad as they work to win a... [More]Starring:The Keepers: Miniseries (2017) 97%#10Adjusted Score: 98.194% Critics Consensus: The Keepers draws on riveting, real-life terror to expose long-buried secrets -- and tells a brilliantly assembled story along the way.Synopsis: A deep dive into the unsolved murder of a nun and the mysteries that surround her death decades later.... [More]Starring:The Last Dance (2020) 97%#9Synopsis: In the fall of 1997, Michael Jordan and the Bulls begin their quest to win a sixth NBA title in... [More]Starring: Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, Steve KerrFive Came Back: Miniseries (2017) 98%#8Adjusted Score: 99.831% Critics Consensus: Five Came Back tells an inspiring story to captivating effect, offering viewing that should appeal to historians and film buffs in equal measure.Synopsis: This docuseries explores the actions of five filmmakers who left Hollywood to serve in World War II.... [More]Starring: Meryl Streep, Steven Spielberg, Francis Ford Coppola, Guillermo del ToroWild Wild Country: Season 1 (2018) 98%#7Adjusted Score: 100.696% Critics Consensus: Wild Wild Country succeeds as an intriguing examination of a forgotten piece of American history that must be seen to be believed.Synopsis: Over six episodes, Directors Chapman Way and Maclain Way (The Battered Bastards of Baseball) and executive producers Mark and Jay... [More]Starring:Directed By: Chapman Way, Chapman Russell WaySalt Fat Acid Heat: Season 1 (2018) 100%#6Adjusted Score: 100.044% Critics Consensus: Salt Fat Acid Heat distinguishes itself from other cooking programs with Samin Nosrat's approachable and educational teaching style, celebrating the essential ingredients of a good meal with an international perspective.Synopsis: Based on Samin Nosrat's best-selling, James Beard Award-winning book, Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat is the essential guide to the basic... [More]Starring:Diagnosis: Season 1 (2019) 100%#5Adjusted Score: 100.168% Critics Consensus: As emotional as it is illuminating, Diagnosis' deep dives into the lives of patients navigating complicated health care systems is at once harrowing and hopeful.Synopsis: Dr. Lisa Sanders crowdsources diagnoses for rare and mysterious medical conditions in a documentary series based on her New York... [More]Starring:Lenox Hill: Season 1 (2020) 100%#4Adjusted Score: 100.229% Critics Consensus: An intimate portrait of medical professionals that explores triumphs and complications in equal measure, Lenox Hill is as engrossing as it is eye opening.Synopsis: An intimate look at the lives of four doctors -- two brain surgeons, an emergency room physician, and a Chief... [More]Starring: John Boockvar, David Langer, Mirtha Macri, Amanda Little RichardsonDirected By: Adi BarashDirty Money (2018) 100%#3Synopsis: Dirty Money is a thrilling investigative series from Oscar Award-winning director Alex Gibney, which provides an up-close and personal view... [More]Starring:Directed By: Fisher Stevens, Erin Lee Carr, Kristi Jacobson, Brian McGinnImmigration Nation: Miniseries (2020) 100%#2Adjusted Score: 100.884% Critics Consensus: A rare and expansive look into the consequences of unfettered power, Immigration Nation is a powerful, harrowing indictment of the current state of American immigration.Synopsis: In the groundbreaking six-part documentary series Immigration Nation, acclaimed filmmaking team Shaul Schwarz and Christina Clusiau (2017's Trophy) offer an... [More]Starring:Directed By: Christina ClusiauUgly Delicious (2018) 100%#1Synopsis: From James Beard Award-Winning Chef David Chang and Academy Award-Winning Director Morgan Neville comes Ugly Delicious, challenging both our taste... [More]Starring: David Chang, Nick Kroll, Aziz Ansari, Padma LakshmiDirected By: Morgan Neville, Eddie Schmidt (IV) , Jason ZeldesBest Netflix Documentary Movies&nbsp;#45Gaga: Five Foot Two (2017) 73%#45Adjusted Score: 73.824% Critics Consensus: Gaga: Five Foot Two offers an absorbing glimpse of its superstar subject's backstage life, albeit one weakened by inconsistent focus and a dearth of performance footage.Synopsis: In the Netflix original documentary Gaga: Five Foot Two, Lady Gaga offers a vulnerable look of her life during one... [More]Starring: Lady GagaDirected By: Chris Moukarbel#44Tig (2015) 79%#44Adjusted Score: 46.669% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: An unflinching documentary look at comedian Tig Notaro, who underwent a double mastectomy after being diagnosed with breast cancer in... [More]Starring:Directed By: Ashley York, Kristina Goolsby#43Murder to Mercy: The Cyntoia Brown Story (2020) 79%#43Adjusted Score: 51.761% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In 2004, 16-year-old Cyntoia Denise Brown was arrested in Nashville, Tennessee, for murdering a 43-year-old man who picked her up... [More]Starring:Directed By: Daniel H. Birman#42Biggie: I Got a Story to Tell (2021) 77%#42Adjusted Score: 77.369% Critics Consensus: Biggie: I Got a Story to Tell sets itself apart from other documentaries about its late subject by focusing on his life outside the spotlight.Synopsis: In the wake of the Notorious B.I.G.'s landmark induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and ahead of... [More]Starring: Sean Combs, Faith Evans, Lil' Cease, Violetta WallaceDirected By: Emmett Malloy#41Voyeur (2017) 79%#41Adjusted Score: 79.323% Critics Consensus: Absorbing, unpredictable, and overall compelling, Voyeur is a singularly unusual -- and utterly memorable -- documentary experience.Synopsis: Gerald Foos bought a motel in Colorado in the 1960s, furnished the room with louvered vents that allowed him to... [More]Starring:Directed By: Myles Kane, Josh Koury#40Pelé (2021) 81%#40Adjusted Score: 81.148% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: This documentary feature tells the story of iconic footballer Pelé, his quest for perfection and the mythical status he attained.... [More]Starring:Directed By: David Tryhorn, Ben Nicholas#39Hot Girls Wanted (2015) 82%#39Adjusted Score: 38.061% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: A look at the amateur-porn industry profiles a young adult actress who discovers its downsides.... [More]Starring: John Anthony, Carrie Brooks, Dillion Carter, Levi CashDirected By: Jill Bauer, Ronna Gradus#38Quincy (2018) 82%#38Adjusted Score: 82.566% Critics Consensus: Quincy presents an undeniably entertaining overview of its subject's remarkable life and career, albeit one that may leave some viewers wishing it had dug a little deeper.Synopsis: QUINCY is an intimate look into the life of icon Quincy Jones. A unique force of nature in music and... [More]Starring: Quincy JonesDirected By: Rashida Jones, Alan Hicks#37American Murder: The Family Next Door (2020) 86%#37Adjusted Score: 84.522% Critics Consensus: American Murder: The Family Next Door chillingly unravels a brutal true crime story using the near-constant connectedness of the digital era.Synopsis: In 2018, 34-year-old Shanann Watts and her two young daughters went missing in Frederick, Colorado. As heartbreaking details emerged, their... [More]Starring:Directed By: Jenny Popplewell#36Rising Phoenix (2020) 86%#36Adjusted Score: 84.522% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Elite athletes and insiders reflect on the Paralympic Games and examine how they impact a global understanding of disability, diversity... [More]Starring: Bebe Vio, Jonnie Peacock, Tatyana McFadden, Prince Harry WindsorDirected By: Ian Bonhôte, Peter Ettedgui#35The Social Dilemma (2020) 86%#35Adjusted Score: 88.042% Critics Consensus: Clear-eyed and comprehensive, The Social Dilemma presents a sobering analysis of our data-mined present.Synopsis: We tweet, we like, and we share--but what are the consequences of our growing dependence on social media? As digital... [More]Starring: Skyler Gisondo, Kara Hayward, Vincent Kartheiser, Catalina GarayoaDirected By: Jeff Orlowski#34BLACKPINK: Light Up the Sky (2020) 87%#34Adjusted Score: 61.075% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Directed by Caroline Suh, this musical documentary focuses on Blackpink, the popular K-pop girl group who first shot to stardom... [More]Starring: Jennie Kim, Kim Ji-sooDirected By: Caroline Suh#33The Great Hack (2019) 87%#33Adjusted Score: 88.438% Critics Consensus: The Great Hack offers an alarming glimpse of the way data is being weaponized for political gain -- and what it might mean for future elections.Synopsis: Data, arguably the world's most valuable asset, is being weaponized to wage cultural and political wars. The dark world of... [More]Starring:Directed By: Jehane Noujaim, Karim Amer#32Get Me Roger Stone (2017) 88%#32Adjusted Score: 88.505% Critics Consensus: As informative as it is entertaining, Get Me Roger Stone offers a close-up look at the right-wing gadfly who helped shape the 2016 presidential election.Synopsis: After the 2016 election, people all over the world woke up to find that Donald J. Trump, New York real... [More]Starring: Roger Stone, Donald Trump, Paul Manafort, Jeffrey ToobinDirected By: Dylan Bank, Daniel DiMauro, Morgan Pehme#31Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold (2017) 89%#31Adjusted Score: 89.596% Critics Consensus: Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold pays tribute to an American literary legend with a richly personal perspective that should thrill devotees while enlightening newcomers.Synopsis: Across more than 50 years of essays, novels, screenplays, and criticism, Joan Didion has been our premier chronicler of the... [More]Starring: Amy Robinson, David Hare, Hilton Als, Phyllis RifieldDirected By: Griffin Dunne#30What Happened, Miss Simone? (2015) 88%#30Adjusted Score: 89.068% Critics Consensus: What Happened, Miss Simone? is a compelling -- albeit necessarily incomplete -- overview of its complex subject's singular artistic legacy and fascinating life.Synopsis: Using never-before-heard recordings, rare archival footage and her best-known songs, this is the story of legendary singer and activist Nina... [More]Starring: Nina SimoneDirected By: Liz Garbus#29Father Soldier Son (2020) 91%#29Adjusted Score: 91.591% Critics Consensus: Taking the long view in its look at a military family's emotional journey allows Father Soldier Son to offer a uniquely moving perspective on the effects of war.Synopsis: This intimate documentary from The New York Times follows one military family over the course of ten years, becoming an... [More]Starring: Brian EischDirected By: Leslye Davis, Catrin Einhorn#28Miss Americana (2020) 91%#28Adjusted Score: 94.352% Critics Consensus: Miss Americana provides an engaging if somewhat deliberately opaque backstage look at a pop star turned cultural phenomenon.Synopsis: Miss Americana is a raw and emotionally revealing look at one of the most iconic artists of our time during... [More]Starring: Taylor SwiftDirected By: Lana Wilson#27The Speed Cubers (2020) 100%#27Adjusted Score: 60.841% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Set within the quirky, competitive world of speedcubing, this is the story of the rivalry/friendship between the two best rubiks... [More]Starring: Max Park, Feliks ZemdegsDirected By:#26Spelling the Dream (2020) 92%#26Adjusted Score: 92.217% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Following four hopeful competitors' journeys, this documentary explores the trend of Indian Americans ruling the Scripps National Spelling Bee since... [More]Starring: Sanjay Gupta, Fareed Zakaria, Hari Kondabolu, Kevin NegandhiDirected By: Sam Rega#25Icarus (2017) 92%#25Adjusted Score: 93.189% Critics Consensus: Icarus is eye-opening viewing for professional sports enthusiasts, yet it should also prove thoroughly gripping even for filmgoers who might not necessarily be drawn to the subject.Synopsis: A major Olympic cheating scandal is uncovered by accident by an American documentary filmmaker and a Russian scientist, when they... [More]Starring: Bryan Fogel, Grigory RodchenkovDirected By: Bryan Fogel#24Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story By Martin Scorsese (2019) 92%#24Adjusted Score: 95.277% Critics Consensus: Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese lives up to its unwieldy title with a delightfully unorthodox look at a pivotal period in its subject's career.Synopsis: Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese captures the troubled spirit of America in 1975 and the... [More]Starring: Bob Dylan, Allen Ginsberg, Joan BaezDirected By: Martin Scorsese#23Fyre (2019) 92%#23Adjusted Score: 95.277% Critics Consensus: Fyre smolders with agonizing tension when a party in paradise goes awry, but this slickly assembled documentary reserves its greatest horror for damning observations about the dangers of wealth.Synopsis: An exclusive behind the scenes look at the infamous unraveling of the Fyre music festival. Created by Billy McFarland and... [More]Starring: Ja Rule, Billy McFarlandDirected By: Chris Smith#22One of Us (2017) 93%#22Adjusted Score: 93.277% Critics Consensus: Harrowing and heartbreaking, One of Us offers an intimate, revealing glimpse inside a notoriously private community and those who would dare defy it.Synopsis: One of Us explores the opaque world of Hasidic Judaism through a cadre of fascinating characters. Through unique and intimate... [More]Starring:Directed By: Rachel Grady, Heidi Ewing#21Becoming (2020) 93%#21Adjusted Score: 95.463% Critics Consensus: It may not get as personal as some viewers might have hoped, but Becoming offers an uplifting look at a pivotal moment in its subject's public life.Synopsis: Becoming is an intimate look into the life of former First Lady Michelle Obama during a moment of profound change,... [More]Starring: Michelle ObamaDirected By: Nadia Hallgren#20The American Meme (2018) 94%#20Adjusted Score: 94.427% Critics Consensus: The American Meme dives into the shallow end of modern celebrity, emerging with a series of fascinating -- and surprisingly deep -- observations.Synopsis: With support from social media moguls DJ Khaled, Hailey Baldwin and Emily Ratajkowski, THE AMERICAN MEME explores the journeys of... [More]Starring: Brittany Furlan, DJ Khaled, Hailey Bieber, Kirill BichutskyDirected By: Bert Marcus#19David Attenborough: A Life on Our Planet (2020) 95%#19Adjusted Score: 93.367% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: One man has seen more of the natural world than any other. This unique feature documentary is his witness statement.... [More]Starring: David AttenboroughDirected By: Alastair Fothergill, Jonathan Hughes, Keith Scholey#18Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator (2019) 96%#18Adjusted Score: 96.058% Critics Consensus: By exposing the corrupt systems which enabled him, Bikram: Yogi, Guru, Predator paints a disturbing -- and necessary -- portrait of the cycles of abuse endured by countless followers of the charlatan at its center.Synopsis: BIKRAM: YOGI, GURU, PREDATOR examines the dramatic rise and fall of the controversial founder of hot yoga, Bikram Choudhury. Arriving... [More]Starring:Directed By: Eva Orner#17American Factory (2019) 96%#17Adjusted Score: 99.139% Critics Consensus: American Factory takes a thoughtful -- and troubling -- look at the dynamic between workers and employers in the 21st-century globalized economy.Synopsis: In post-industrial Ohio, a Chinese billionaire opens a new factory in the husk of an abandoned General Motors plant, hiring... [More]Starring:Directed By: Steven Bognar, Julia Reichert#16Tell Me Who I Am (2019) 97%#16Adjusted Score: 97.656% Critics Consensus: While it may raise more questions than it ultimately answers, Tell Me Who I Am unravels a real-life horror story to devastating effect.Synopsis: When 18-year-old Alex Lewis wakes up from a coma after surviving a motorcycle accident, the world is not one he... [More]Starring: Andrew Caley, Alex Lewis, Marcus Lewis, Marcus LewisDirected By: Ed Perkins#1513th (2016) 97%#15Adjusted Score: 100.444% Critics Consensus: 13th strikes at the heart of America's tangled racial history, offering observations as incendiary as they are calmly controlled.Synopsis: The title of Ava DuVernay's extraordinary and galvanizing documentary refers to the 13th Amendment to the Constitution, which reads \"Neither... [More]Starring: Angela Davis, Corey Booker, Henry Louis Gates Jr., Newt GingrichDirected By: Ava DuVernay#14Disclosure (2020) 98%#14Adjusted Score: 99.48% Critics Consensus: Disclosure engrossingly illuminates the history and effects of the way transgender lives are depicted onscreen -- and outlines how much progress still needs to be made.Synopsis: Disclosure is an unprecedented look at the depiction of transgender people and experiences throughout the history of film and television.... [More]Starring: Nick Adams, Ser Anzoategui, Alexandra Billings, Chaz BonoDirected By: Sam Feder#13Homecoming: A Film by Beyoncé (2019) 98%#13Adjusted Score: 99.53% Critics Consensus: Beychella forever.Synopsis: Homecoming presents an intimate look at Beyoncé's historic 2018 Coachella performance that paid homage to America's historically black colleges and... [More]Starring: Beyoncé KnowlesDirected By: Beyoncé Knowles#12Circus of Books (2020) 98%#12Adjusted Score: 99.668% Critics Consensus: Like the cheekily named store at this documentary's center, Circus of Books proves there are countless stories below the surface if we're only willing to look.Synopsis: For over 35 years, the gay porn shop, Circus of Books, served as the epicenter for LGBT life and culture... [More]Starring: Larry Flynt, Justin Honard, Jeff StrykerDirected By: Rachel Mason#11Knock Down the House (2019) 99%#11Adjusted Score: 102.737% Critics Consensus: A galvanizing glimpse behind the scenes of a pivotal election, Knock Down the House should prove engrossing for viewers of all political persuasions.Synopsis: When tragedy struck her family in the midst of the financial crisis, Bronx-born Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez had to work double shifts... [More]Starring: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Amy Vilela, Cori Bush, Paula Jean SwearenginDirected By: Rachel Lears#10My Octopus Teacher (2020) 97%#10Adjusted Score: 97.732% Critics Consensus: A heartwarming look at the way a meaningful bond can transcend just about any barrier, this documentary will leave you asking your friends to come and see My Octopus Teacher with you.Synopsis: An unusual friendship develops between a filmmaker and an octopus living in a South African kelp forest that shares the... [More]Starring:Directed By: Pippa Ehrlich, James Reed#9The Battered Bastards Of Baseball (2014) 100%#9Adjusted Score: 65.936% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: When Portland, Oregon, lost its longtime minor-league affiliate, Bing Russell-who briefly played ball professionally before enjoying a successful Hollywood acting... [More]Starring: Todd Field, Rob Nelson, Robert Richardson, Kurt RussellDirected By: Maclain Way, Chapman Way#8Giving Voice (2020) 100%#8Adjusted Score: 74.881% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: This uplifting feature directed by James D. Stern and Fernando Villena follows the inspiring students who flock every year to... [More]Starring: Viola DavisDirected By: Fernando Villena, James D. Stern#7Chasing Coral (2017) 100%#7Adjusted Score: 100.414% Critics Consensus: Chasing Coral offers a breathtakingly beautiful look at some of the Earth's most incredible natural wonders while delivering a sobering warning about their uncertain future.Synopsis: Coral reefs are the nursery for all life in the oceans, a remarkable ecosystem that sustains us. Yet with carbon... [More]Starring:Directed By: Jeff Orlowski#6A Secret Love (2020) 100%#6Adjusted Score: 101.059% Critics Consensus: In telling one couple's story, A Secret Love pays understated yet powerful tribute to a lifetime of choices and sacrifices made in the name of enduring devotion.Synopsis: A Secret Love tells an incredible love story between Terry Donahue and Pat Henschel, whose relationship spans nearly seven decades.... [More]Starring:Directed By: Chris Bolan#5Athlete A (2020) 100%#5Adjusted Score: 101.621% Critics Consensus: Harrowing yet essential viewing, Athlete A shines an unforgiving light on horrific abuses -- as well as the culture that allowed them to continue unabated for years.Synopsis: Athlete A follows a team of reporters from The Indianapolis Star as they investigate claims of abuse at USA Gymnastics,... [More]Starring:Directed By: Bonni Cohen, Jon Shenk#4Mucho Mucho Amor: The Legend of Walter Mercado (2020) 100%#4Adjusted Score: 101.855% Critics Consensus: An absorbing and affectionate tribute to a unique individual, Mucho Mucho Amor should prove fascinating for Walter Mercado fans as well as first-timers.Synopsis: Dazzling and tender-hearted, legendary astrologer Walter Mercado vanished at the peak of his fame. This documentary poignantly explains what happened.... [More]Starring: Raul de Molina, Eugenio Derbez, Betty Benet Mercado, Ivonne Benet MercadoDirected By: Kareem Tabsch , Cristina Costantini#3Shirkers (2018) 100%#3Adjusted Score: 102.177% Critics Consensus: Shirkers uses one woman's interrogation of a pivotal personal disappointment to offer affecting observations on creativity, lost opportunity, and coming to terms with the past.Synopsis: Shirkers was a Singapore-made 1992 cult classic from teenage friends Sandi Tan, Jasmine Ng and Sophie Siddique--or it would have... [More]Starring: Jasmine Kin Kia NgDirected By: Sandi Tan#2Dick Johnson Is Dead (2020) 100%#2Adjusted Score: 103.212% Critics Consensus: Dick Johnson Is Dead celebrates a life with bittersweet humor and grace, offering a deeply resonant perspective on mortality in the bargain.Synopsis: A lifetime of making documentaries has convinced award-winning filmmaker Kirsten Johnson of the power of the real. But now she's... [More]Starring:Directed By: Kirsten Johnson#1Crip Camp: A Disability Revolution (2020) 100%#1Adjusted Score: 103.586% Critics Consensus: As entertaining as it is inspiring, Crip Camp uses one group's remarkable story to highlight hope for the future and the power of community.Synopsis: In the early 1970s, teenagers with disabilities faced a future shaped by isolation, discrimination and institutionalization. Camp Jened, a ramshackle... [More]Starring:Directed By: Nicole Newnham, Jim LeBrechtThumbnail images courtesy of Netflix.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"Academy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/09173736/netflix-docuseries_600X314.jpg","slug":"best-netflix-documentary-series-top-netflix-documentaries-to-binge-now"},{"id":"47508679616284","title":"Loki ‘The Variant’ Episode Offers a Stunning Revelation","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Loki 'The Variant' Episode Offers a Stunning RevelationWhat will happen when Loki faces off against Loki? A new episode opens that portal.by Erik Amaya | June 16, 2021 |  CommentsNow, the culprit is revealed and the scheme is in motion. But does Loki (Tom Hiddleston) truly see himself in it? Or is he as lost as the rest of us? The second episode of Loki continues to build the satisfying double act of Loki and Mobius (Owen Wilson) while offering a greater understanding of the Sacred Timeline. But it also adds a few more questions as the timeline itself is imperiled.Let’s take a look at what we now know about Loki to see if we can gain some clarity on The Variant’s plan.Spoiler Alert: The following reveals details of Loki season 1, episode 2. Stop here if you have not watched “The Variant.”The Variant Appears To Be a Lady Loki(Photo by Marvel Studios)Let’s start with The Variant herself — “she/her” are the pronouns we’ll use until the series offers greater clarification. As many suspected, Sophia Di Martino is the dangerous variant of Loki the TVA has been hunting. The clues have been there for a while, from Disney refusing to identify Di Martino’s part to various outlets noting the established Lady Loki of Marvel Comics. Even Loki‘s own publicity materials seeded the notion that the God of Mischief is gender-fluid. Then there was the delightful touch of The Variant first speaking via the voice of Hunter B-15 (Wunmi Mosaku), all but confirming the later reveal.But even with The Variant seemingly presenting as female, there is always the possibility of misdirection — right down to her even being a variant Loki. For the moment, we’re going to assume she is, in fact, a version of him. During the first mission briefing, Mobius and B-15 went out of their way to note Loki variants present with various forms and powersets. And, as we suggested last week, every choice from Loki’s birth to Odin adopting him to his action through the first Avengers film (at least) offers a wide array of Lokis for the TVA to deal with. In fact, Loki variants are a constant part of their caseload.The Variant is peculiar, though, because she cannot be brought to book the way most variants or even our Loki has. Why is that?One option: The Variant is really the Loki who seemingly died in Avengers: Infinity War. If that’s the case, her/their actions are meant to happen even if they seem to have a detrimental effect on the Sacred Timeline. It also means she is as much a prisoner of fate as the title variant; something we hope she is raging against. Another option, which we touched upon last week, is that she’s a Loki from the Multiversal war who is somehow beyond the Time-Keepers’ awareness. Marvel Comics stories are filled with remnants of old mutliverses, from Galactus to “He Who Remains” — the consciousness who devised the Time-Keepers to begin with. The Variant could originate from the chaos before the Sacred Timeline. Restoring that chaos also seems like a good motivation for her actions.The Determinism of the Timeline(Photo by Chuck Zlotnick. ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)Before we look at The Variant’s possibly motives, though, let’s focus on the TVA itself for a moment. The determinism of the Sacred Timeline — and the way it seemingly has a religious pull on its staff — is important to one of the series’ key themes. Throughout the episode, Loki is reminded that he is a villain. The TVA’s position on The Variant comes from the belief that her actions can only be motivated by evil. And although no one says it too loudly, the Sacred Timeline suggests a lack of free will in the universe.But is that the case? Last week, we mentioned that in a meta-narrative sense, the characters’ free will is an illusion because they are, ultimately, characters on a television show. Within the show’s reality, though, the question of free will is seemingly answered by the very possibility of variance. If people are able to choose actions beyond the Time-Keeper’s perception of the timeline, than free will is real. It also means someone like Loki can grow beyond their predetermined role. Considering the Loki of Marvel Comics lore has raged against the idea that he must be the villain, it seems likely the title character of this series and The Variant might be trying some other possibility than being the bad guy.Also, the seeming religious certainty the Sacred Timeline offers means TVA staff do not question their own origins. Like Loki, we have to wonder if it is true. Are they all creations of the Time-Keepers or are they variants themselves held over to function in an elaborate bureaucracy meant to preserve the purity of time? This is Marvel after all; mind-wipes and installing new personas are far from difficult.Hunter C-20’s (Sasha Lane) freak-out in the Roxxcart store gave us the impression she started to remember who she really was before the TVA, but her repeating of phrases may just be an after effect of whatever the Variant did to learn the location of the Time-Keepers. Also, Loki’s questioning of Mobius’ interest in the jet skis also leaves us wondering if, perhaps, Mobius had a conventional existence as a jet ski retailer in some multiversal 1990s.Granted, we could easily be wrong here. Time travel shows allow for a lot of possibilities and this is just one we’re entertaining as it ties into the thematic conflict between a deterministic universe and a Multiverse of options.Loki Within the Scheme(Photo by Marvel Studios)We are on Loki’s side here. At least to the extent that we’d like to believe our actions are our own and not the dictates of a trio of space lizards. And it seems The Variant’s scheme is to destabilize the Sacred Timeline beyond repair using the TVA’s own reset charges. The effect of the literal time-bomb is yet to be seen, but we imagine it is, at least in part, a distraction while The Variant pays the Time-Keepers a visit.And, oddly enough, isn’t that exactly what Loki’s been trying to do since he gave up on the Tesseract last week? But why reach their location? This is where The Variant’s motive gets cloudy. She told Loki she has no interest in controlling the TVA. But then again, Loki lies, so overseeing the Sacred Timeline and running everything could be her objective. That would make her predictable, though, and therefore part of the Time-Keepers’ grand design.Simply killing them would, at the very least, allow for branching timelines going forward even the time-bomb seems to be attacking all of the Sacred Timeline. Then again, removing the Time-Keepers ability to perceive the “correctness” of the timeline would have tremendous tactical advantage. The Variant could win against the Avengers and rule Midgard, for example. But that still casts her in the villain’s role; doomed to play antagonist even outside conventional time.Curiously, the Time-Keepers have occupied an antagonistic role in the comics from time to time, so their intentions here are always suspect. Their motive in these clashes with the Avengers and other protagonist is often just simple survival&nbsp;— they alter time to keep themselves in a position of power. That may be the case here. We only have the TVA’s delightful Miss Minutes (Tara Strong) to go by, so her account of the Multiversal War may be highly skewed. If that’s the case, is The Variant actually heroic here? For the moment, let’s assume this is true. It is possible The Variant knows something about the war we’ve yet to discover and that could be the reason for her attacks on the TVA?Since next week’s episode will be the half-way mark, we expect some sort of pivot to occur and for Loki’s understanding of the wider universe to change again. At that point, will he even be interested in ruling anything? Will The Variant be willing to ally with him at that point?Spoiler Alert: The following reveals details from the Marvel comics that some may consider spoilers for how the series may unfold. Stop here if you don’t want to read possible future plot points.The Kang Connection(Photo by Marvel Studios)Speaking of the wider universe, it’s time to talk about Kang the Conqueror (to be played by Jonathan Majors in Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania) as this week’s potential call to other parts of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Last week, the episode closed with hunters identifying a 31st-century artifact as the branching anachronism — Kang originally hailed from that century. Then there is the resemblance of one of the Time-Keepers to Kang’s best known visage. In the comics, he has a long association with Ravonna Renslayer (played by&nbsp;Gugu Mbatha-Raw on Loki). He is also a well-known time traveler, despite his despotic rule of 41st-century Earth, whose journeys led to variant Kangs polluting the timeline. He also has one other fantastic connection to an upcoming Marvel Studios project, but is his presence already being felt in this series?One possibility: Kang is one of the other operatives Ravonna mentioned while grilling Mobius about the failure of Loki’s first field mission. He may even be the one who gave Ravonna that Franklin D. Roosevelt High School pen. Then again, that resemblance to one of the Time-Keepers may see him revealed as part of the trio, if not the sole Time-Keeper. Ruling the entire timeline may appeal to this version of Kang even if the Kang of the comics prefers to be out in the open. And as this is a time travel show, it is also possible the Kang we might see here is at the end of his journey and trying something more altruistic.Then again, Kang could just be Loki‘s Mephisto and another red herring generated by Internet speculation. But as Ravonna presents one solid connection to him — via the comics, anyway — it is possible he will matter before the end.And like Kang, the second episode of Loki gave us a lot of possibilities to ponder. Hopefully, more clarity will come as The Variant and Loki make their way to the Time-Keepers and they get their chance to offer testimony. In the meantime, we’ll continue to wonder if any Loki can escape their seeming destiny as the villain.Loki episodes debut each Wednesday on Disney+.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"boxing, Epix, Food, tv, Character, America","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/16162250/Loki-102-loki-hunterb15-600x314.jpg","slug":"loki-the-variant-episode-offers-a-stunning-revelation"},{"id":"47509095949850","title":"Box Office: Thor Rocks The Box Office Again","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Thor Rocks The Box Office AgainThor: Ragnarok led the box office for a second straight weekend while two new releases did fairly well in their debutsby Sujit Chawla | November 12, 2017 |  CommentsThor: Ragnarok&nbsp;led the box office for a second straight weekend while two new releases did fairly well in their debuts.Falling a reasonable 54% in its second weekend, Marvel’s latest entry into the MCU,&nbsp;Thor: Ragnarok, took in an estimated $56.6M bringing its total up to $211.5M. A finale in the $325M range is not out of reach for this well-received film. Overseas the movie has taken in $438.5M bringing its worldwide cume to an astounding $650M.A couple of new films battled it out for the silver medal with&nbsp;Daddy’s Home 2&nbsp;so far in the lead. The comedy sequel made an estimated $30M from 3,575 theaters for a per screen average of $8,392. The original film opened a little under two years ago to $38M (with a finale of $150M, hence the sequel), but that film had the Christmas holiday working in its favor. Coming in a close third was&nbsp;Murder on the Orient Express. The murder-mystery with the all-star ensemble took in an estimated $28.2M from 3,341 theaters for a per screen average of $8,441, pretty good for a movie based on 80-year-old source material.Another comedy sequel fell to fourth place as the ladies of&nbsp;A Bad Moms Christmas&nbsp;slipped 31% to an estimated $11.5M this weekend, bringing its total up to just under $40M. The original&nbsp;Bad Moms&nbsp;was at $50M at the same point in its cycle but also had the added benefit of being released in the summer and feeling a little more, well, original. Still, the sequel should end its run in the $65-75M range which is nothing to shake a stick at.Yet another sequel took fifth place, this one of the horror variety, as the game playing&nbsp;Jigsaw&nbsp;took in an estimated $3.4M in its third weekend, bringing its cume up to $34M. I have to imagine the studio had higher hopes for the reboot of its successful horror franchise, but with a small $10M budget the studio has more than made its money back.Hey look, another comedy sequel in sixth place this weekend! Tyler Perry’s latest,&nbsp;Boo 2! A Madea Halloween, made $2M this weekend, according to estimates, bringing its total up to a shade under $46M after a month. The original was around $70M a month into its run but as we’ve seen from above, most comedy sequels do not do as well as their predecessors. Alas, not everyone can be an&nbsp;Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me&nbsp;(which improved upon the original by 282%!)Of course sequels come with built-in audiences which helps because sometimes original ideas tank hard. Speaking of tanking hard, in seventh place was the end-of-the-world disaster flick&nbsp;Geostorm&nbsp;which took in an estimated $1.5M this weekend bringing its total up to $31.6M after four weeks. It’s going to have to make a lot of money overseas to break even as we here in North America have thoroughly rejected it. In eighth place was yet another sequel, though this one was decades in the making, as Blade Runner 2049&nbsp;took in an additional $1.4M, according to estimates, bringing its total to $88M after six weekends.The original horror film Happy Death Day&nbsp;fell to ninth this weekend and took in $1.3M in its fifth go-around, according to estimates, bringing its total up to $55M. And rounding out the top 10 in spectacular fashion was the critically acclaimed&nbsp;Lady Bird&nbsp;which took in an estimated $1.25M from only 37 theaters for a per screen average of $33,766. Debuting outside of the top 10 to terrific numbers was&nbsp;Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri&nbsp;which opened on only 4 screens to $320,000 for a whopping $80,000 per screen average.The top ten films grossed $137M which was down 6% from last year when&nbsp;Doctor Strange&nbsp;remained at number one for a second weekend with $42.9M; but up 46% from 2015 when&nbsp;SPECTRE&nbsp;spent a second week in the top spot with&nbsp;$33.7M.Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following BoxOfficeGuru.com on&nbsp;Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Christmas, El, on, binge, Book, Rock, kong, Exclusive, movies, spy, CBS, leads","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/12160818/RT_BoxOffice_Thor-Ragnarok-week-2_600X314.jpg","slug":"box-office-thor-rocks-the-box-office-again"},{"id":"47509078232446","title":"Django Unchained Video Interview: Quentin Tarantino","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Django Unchained Video Interview: Quentin TarantinoWriter/Director of Django Unchainedby Grae Drake | December 21, 2012 |  CommentsNothing says Christmas better than seeing people’s heads explode, Quentin Tarantino style. His latest film, Django Unchained, gives the touchy issue of slavery a Grindhouse flare.Luke Goodsell sat down with six members of the cast to talk about their accents, favorite QT characters of all time, Bill Cosby, and Prince (just go with it).The man himself, Quentin Tarantino:","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"bad, leads, 21st, prank, Star, comiccon, Prime, Association, harry, BET, movie, Martial, series, park","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"django-unchained-video-interview-quentin-tarantino"},{"id":"47613816479468","title":"Casino Royale Enlists a \"Vice\" Villain","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Casino Royale Enlists a \"Vice\" Villainby Scott Weinberg | April 17, 2006 |  CommentsIGN FilmForce notes a 007-related Variety report, and it’s news of the casting … variety: Up &amp; coming actor Isaach de Bankole, seen recently in flicks like Stay and The Skeleton Key, has snagged a role in the next 007 adventure.From IGNFF: \"Variety reports that Ivory Coast-born actor Isaach de Bankole has joined the cast of Casino Royale as Obanno, one of the clients of the villainous Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen).De Bankole will next be seen as one of the villains in Michael Mann‘s big-screen version of Miami Vice.The Bahamian stint of filming on Casino Royale is now over and production has moved back to Prague, with principal photography reportedly set to wrap there in late May.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"MTV, Hallmark, CBS, docuseries, rotten, Paramount","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"casino-royale-enlists-a-vice-villain"},{"id":"47509109401258","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Third Championship Ring For American Sniper","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Third Championship Ring For American Sniperby Gitesh Pandya | February 1, 2015 |  CommentsThe Super Bowl frame was dominated by the blockbuster holdover American Sniper which easily sprinted past all competitors to gross an estimated $31.9M in its third round of nationwide play. Off a sizable 51%, the Warner Bros. smash has raised its total to a jaw-dropping $248.9M with plenty more to come as it heads towards the $300M club.After a record-shattering nationwide opening weekend of $89.3M followed by a sensational hold in its next frame with $64.6M, off a mere 28%, Sniper suffered a much bigger hit this time around. Competition from the Super Bowl was a factor as many films, especially those targeting adult men, routinely see Saturday-to-Sunday tumbles of around 70% or so on the day of the Big Game thus impacting the weekend drop. But the Clint Eastwood-directed hit experienced a larger Super Bowl weekend fall than other January military dramas like Lone Survivor (45% last year), Zero Dark Thirty (47% in 2013), and Black Hawk Down (35% in 2002).New releases all posted lackluster results in the single digit millions so competition from those films was minimal. Where Sniper did see an impact was from losing half of its IMAX screens which this weekend went to Game of Thrones, another Warner Bros. title. The IMAX portion of the gross took a 75% nosedive from $5.8M in 333 sites last weekend to $1.5M in 165 screens this time. And after a couple of weeks of mainstream media attention for a list of so-called controversies, buzz may be fading now.If the weekend estimate holds, American Sniper will edge out by a hair the record for the biggest Super Bowl weekend gross ever which has been held for seven years by another early-year box office phenomenon – Hannah Montana &amp; Miley Cyrus: The Best of Both Worlds Concert Tour. That 3D fan pic bowed to $31.1M this weekend in 2008 from only 683 theaters for a jaw-dropping $45,561 average powered by tween girls and higher ticket prices. Sniper’s take came in its third weekend of wide play, while Hannah’s tally came from a much more narrow release in 3,000 fewer theaters. Both were amazing in their own ways.Sniper has been taking all the oxygen out of the marketplace these last three weeks as other films have barely been able to grab any part of the box office pie. By next weekend it may have more in ticket sales than all other Best Picture Oscar contenders combined.Family audiences continued to flock to see Paddington which dropped by only 31% to an estimated $8.5M for a new total of $50.5M for The Weinstein Co. According to studio estimates, it finished in a tie for second place.The teen sci-fi saga Project Almanac from producer Michael Bay opened to lackluster results with an estimated $8.5M as well posting a dull $2,938 average from 2,893 locations. Paramount gave the super-producer’s project a very wide release but not enough of the target audience was interested in coming out for the PG-13 pic. Studio data showed that the crowd was 55% male and 63% under 25. The $12M budgeted pic should find better results later on home entertainment platforms.Kevin Costner stumbled into fourth place with his latest film Black or White which debuted to an estimated $6.5M from 1,823 locations for a weak $3,541 average. The PG-13 race relations drama earned mostly yawns from film critics and a marketplace full of Oscar contenders gave older adults more promising options. It was the third film in 12 months that Costner anchored only to see sluggish sales on opening weekend. Last year’s Draft Day and 3 Days to Kill opened wider and somewhat bigger, but still did not impress despite both having pricey Super Bowl TV spots. The Academy Award winner has yet another offering on deck, Disney’s McFarland, USA on February 20.Jennifer Lopez saw her latest film The Boy Next Door tumble a steep 59% in its second weekend to an estimated $6.1M for a cume of $24.7M for Universal. That is a good amount for the low-budget thriller which cost only $4M to produce, plus more for marketing. In its third weekend, Kevin Hart’s The Wedding Ringer slipped 50% to an estimated $5.7M for a new total of $48.1M for Sony.Oscar contender The Imitation Game enjoyed another great hold from those interested in the top awards titles. The Weinstein Co. pic declined by 26% to an estimated $5.2M bumping the cume up to $68M – second best among all Best Picture nominees behind just Eastwood’s soldier juggernaut. Taken 3 followed with an estimated $3.7M, down 51%, giving Fox $81.4M to date. The George Lucas pet project Strange Magic dropped a reasonable 38% from its dismal debut to an estimated $3.4M. Disney has taken in just $9.9M so far.Bouncing around the release calendars and finally making its way into theaters was the thriller The Loft which was rejected by audiences collecting a puny $2.9M from 1,841 locations for a terrible $1,564 average. The R-rated film was low on starpower and awareness plus was met with poor reviews. Open Road dumped it into a crowded marketplace and was never going to find any success.Warner Bros. collected some cash with the exclusive IMAX release of the acclaimed HBO series Game of Thrones and grossed an estimated $1.5M from 205 locations for a solid $7,322 average. The offering included the final two episodes of the last season, upgraded to IMAX standards, plus a sneak peek into the upcoming fifth season which debuts in April.The top ten films grossed an estimated $82.2M which was up a healthy 25% from last year when Ride Along stayed at number one with $12M; and up 27% from 2013 when Warm Bodies debuted on top with $20.4M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"cops, toronto, Month, A&E, Family, news, stop, of, romantic, Guild, 2017, ViacomCBS, guild, Valentine's, to","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Third-Championship-Ring-For-American-Sniper"},{"id":"47509147436039","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Cloverfield Crushes Records at #1","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Cloverfield Crushes Records at #1'Twas a monster mash at the box office.by Gitesh Pandya | January 20, 2008 |  CommentsTwo not-so-pricey films, one aimed at guys and the other for the gals, rockedNorth American multiplexes leading the marketplace to the biggest Martin LutherKing holiday weekend ever. Most holdovers attracted solid numbers too and helpedthe top ten films surge to nearly $130M over the Friday-to-Sunday portion of thefour-day holiday frame. Among new releases, the sci-fi thriller Cloverfieldbowed at number one breaking the January opening weekend record, thewedding-themed comedy 27 Dressestook the bridesmaid spot, and the heist comedy Mad Money made off with onlyenough for a disappointing seventh place finish.Following months of hype and anticipation, Paramount’s monster flick Cloverfieldarrived and generated monster sales grossing an estimated $41M in its firstthree days of release. Directed by Matt Reevesand produced by J.J. Abrams,the PG-13 film averaged a brutal $12,020 from 3,411 theaters and broke theeleven-year-old record for the biggest opening weekend gross for a film debutingin January. The Special Edition re-release of Star Wars held that record since1997 when it launched in 2,104 locations to the tune of $35.9M and a scorching$17,066 average. At today’s ticket prices however, those figures would be morethan $53M and $25,000, respectively.Still, Cloverfield delivered muscular numbers especially for a filmwith no well-known stars and a reported production cost of only $25M. The trim84-minute feature was shot from the perspective of a personal camcorder andtells the story of a group of friends that must fight to survive when a giantbeast attacks New York City. Studio research showed that young men were thedriving force. Males made up 60% of the audience while 55% were under the age of25. Critics were mostly pleased and gave good reviews.Cloverfield also set a new opening weekend record for the MLK holidayframe beating the $28.6M three-day tally of 2002’s Black Hawk Down whichexpanded nationally after three weeks of limited play. Even adjusting forinflation, Hawk’s bow would be $33M+ at today’s ticket prices giving Cloverfielda clear victory. Distributors rarely program their big-ticket films into thefirst month of the year.The monster movie began its marketing campaign last summer with a mysteriousteaser in front of Paramount’s sci-fi gargantuan Transformers. Curiosityled to endless online hype as the filmmakers purposely withheld key informationon the film. Fans became intrigued and attacked the multiplexes on Fridayspending $16.9M – the biggest opening day gross ever in the month of January.The disaster pic then dropped by a steep 19% on Saturday which wasunderstandable since upfront demand and grosses from Thursday night midnightshows beefed up the Friday take. The studio estimated that Cloverfieldwould drop by only 25% on Sunday to $10.3M. Given Sunday’s NFL championshipgames which will distract millions of men, final grosses could see the three-dayfigure go down. Most other studios incorporated 30-35% Sunday declines intotheir weekend estimates.Opening with strength in the runnerup spot was the romantic comedy 27 Dresseswith an estimated $22.4M from 3,057 theaters for a sparkling $7,336 average. ThePG-13 film is anchored by Katherine Heiglwho proved her box office pull with this powerful debut. Her last film Knocked Upwas a runaway hit last summer opening to $30.7M before ending with $148.8M, butwas sold more on the appeal of director Judd Apatow.Heigl’s Dresses launch is in the same neighborhood as romantic comedybows from the more established Kate Hudson. How To Lose A Guy in 10 Dayswith Matthew McConaugheydebuted to $23.8M in 2003 while 2006’s You, Me and Dupree with OwenWilson and Matt Dillon opened to $21.5M. Dresses boasted weaker malestarpower with James Marsden and Edward Burns putting even more pressure onHeigl to deliver a paying crowd.The audience for the $30M-budgeted 27 Dresses was overwhelmingly female.Studio research showed that a remarkable 75% of the crowd consisted of women,but the audience was evenly split between those over and under 25. Fox made thetactical move of offering sneak previews not once but twice over the past fewweeks, first on Thursday December 27 during the holiday season and then againlast Sunday January 13 when men were pre-occupied with football playoffs. Thestudio credits the sneaks with spreading positive word-of-mouth leading up tothe opening frame. Reviews were not too encouraging which made the sneaks evenmore important as 27 Dresses stands as a crowd-pleaser, not a critic-pleaser.Cloverfield and 27 Dresses combined to inject $63.4M in newbusiness into the marketplace and accounted for half of all ticket sales spenton the top ten movies.Following its top spot showing last weekend in its first frame of nationwiderelease, the geezer buddy flick The Bucket Liststarring Jack Nicholsonand Morgan Freeman&nbsp;enjoyed a strong hold slipping only 22% to an estimated $15.2M. Warner Bros. hasbanked $42.7M to date and looks headed for the vicinity of $90M with an outsidechance of hitting nine-digit territory.The teen comedy Junofell 25% to an estimated $10.3M in its seventh weekend and placed fourth for theframe. Fox Searchlight’s top-grossing film ever has reached $85.4M and shouldcross the century mark by the end of the month. Following in fifth was Disney’sadventure blockbuster National Treasure: Book of Secretswith an estimated $8.1M, down 28%, for a total of $198M. By the end of the week,the Nicolas Cageactioner will become the tenth film released in 2007 to break the $200M mark.The Ice Cubecomedy First Sundaytook a beating in its second weekend tumbling 56% to an estimated $7.8Msuffering the worst drop in the top ten. Budgeted at $20M, the Sony title haslooted $28.5M in ten days and should finish with $40-45M.Another comedy about likable characters stealing money followed close behind.Overture Films launched its first release Mad Moneythis weekend and settled for a mediocre seventh-place showing with an estimated$7.7M. Playing in 2,470 locations, the PG-13 film starring Diane Keaton, Queen Latifah, and Katie Holmesas Federal Reserve Bank employees who steal cash from their work averaged anot-so-impressive $3,126. Reviews were mostly negative. The actresses were onthe campaign trail last week popping up on every talk show that would have them,but moviegoers were not too thrilled about spending their greenbacks.Kidpic sensation Alvin and the Chipmunkscontinued to dazzle the family audience grossing an estimated $7M in its sixthweekend, down only 25%, for a cume to date of $196.4M. The Fox hit should scurrypast the $200M mark next weekend.Fellow sixth-weekender I Am Legenddropped 38% to an estimated $5.1M to boost its towering total to $247.7M. The Will Smithsci-fi thriller now sits at number 45 on the all-time domestic blockbusters listjust behind Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban which grossed$249.4M in 2004. Overseas, the last man on Earth took in an estimated $28.7Mvaulting the international total to a stellar $262.4M allowing the global tallyto smash through the half-billion barrier. Worldwide gross is now $510.1M andclimbing.Rounding out the top ten was the Golden Globe winner for Best Picture – Drama Atonement whichclimbed 13% to an estimated $4.8M in its seventh session. Focus added another341 playdates this weekend to take advantage of the added exposure of the Globewins (it also won for Original Score) and raised the sum to $31.9M. Atonementhas also grossed $50M overseas for a global tally of $81.9M thus far.Opening to mild results outside of the Top 20 was Woody Allen’s latest filmCassandra’sDream which bowed to just $400,000 from 107 theaters for a lukewarm$3,738 average, according to estimates. The Weinstein Co. release starring EwanMcGregor and Colin Farrell as brothers on a killing spree was panned by critics.The distributor also reported a four-day holiday estimate of $501,000.A trio of films fell from the top ten this weekend. The Warner Bros. thriller One Missed Calldropped 53% to an estimated $2.8M for a 17-day cume of $24.4M. Look for a $30Mfinal for the horror remake. The animated adventure The Pirates Who Don’t Do Anythinggrossed an estimated $2.8M, off 34%, and has collected just $7.7M in its firstten days. The Universal release should end with just $15M dipping well below the$25.6M of its big brother Jonah: A VeggieTales Moviefrom 2002.&nbsp;With the arrival of 27 Dresses, the female audience for P.S. I Love Youdisappeared prompting the Hilary Swank-Gerard Butler romance to tumble by 61% toan estimated $1.9M. With a solid $50.4M grossed to date, the Warner Bros. titleshould conclude with around $55M.Paramount Vantage expanded its critically-acclaimed oilman saga There Will BeBlood once again and continued to see strong results in new parts ofNorth America. The DanielDay-Lewis pic widened from 129 to 389 theaters and grossed an estimated$3.1M climbing from number seventeen up to the number eleven slot for theweekend. The average was a solid $8,023 while the total climbed to $8.2M.Blood will expand further this Friday to between 700 and 850 locations ina strategic move to capitalize on its expected Academy Award nominations whichwill be announced on Tuesday morning. The Paul Thomas Anderson film and fellowVantage-Miramax co-production No Country For Old Men from the Coenbrothers are seen as having a lock on nominations in the Best Picture race.Among the many films vying for the other three nods in the top race are Michael Clayton, Juno, American Gangster, Atonement,and the French-language drama The Diving Bell and the Butterfly fromAmerican director Julian Schnabel.The top ten films grossed an estimated $129.4M over the Friday-to-Sunday spanwhich was up a stunning 43% from last year’s MLK frame when Stomp the Yardopened at number one with $21.8M; and up a potent 40% from 2006’s holiday whenGlory Road debuted in the top spot with $13.6M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Food, cooking, HBO, of, Year, book, First, sitcom, on, transformers, festival","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Cloverfield-Crushes-Records-at-1"},{"id":"47509074809163","title":"Video Interview: This is the End Cast","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video Interview: This is the End CastSeth Rogen, Jay Baruchel, and Craig Robinsonby Grae Drake | June 10, 2013 |  CommentsApocalyptic comedy This is the End stars Seth Rogen, Danny McBride, James Franco, Jay Baruchel, Craig Robinson, Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Emma Watson, Aziz Ansari, Jason Siegel, Rihanna…and basically everyone else in Hollywood.Grae Drake chats with some of the cast to talk about the end of the world. Are they prepared? Are they living their lives to the fullest? And most importantly, how closely linked are piano playing and salvation?&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Tour, saw, FirstLook, TBS","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-interview-this-is-the-end-cast"},{"id":"47509053222044","title":"Video: Liam Neeson Threatens Reporter on Phone","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Liam Neeson Threatens Reporter on Phoneby Grae Drake | September 11, 2014 |  CommentsThe only person who should be allowed to use the phone in movie theaters is Liam Neeson. Grae Drake discusses this with Dan Stevens, Neeson’s co-star in A Walk Among the Tombstones. Then she gets up her courage to place a phone call to the man himself, Mr. Liam Neeson.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"nbcuniversal, drama, blaxploitation, TV, Endgame, GoT, Plus, Schedule, Islander, Disney, poppins","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-liam-neeson-threatens-reporter-on-phone"},{"id":"47509023451019","title":"Video: The Space Between Us Cast’s Favorite Earth Things","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Space Between Us Cast's Favorite Earth Thingsby RT Staff | February 3, 2017 |  CommentsKit Bowen&nbsp;talked to Britt Robertson, Asa Butterfield, and Carla Gugino from&nbsp;The Space Between Us&nbsp;about road trips (and who in the cast needs one), and their favorite things about Earth. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"directors, indie, adaptation","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/02175549/The-Space-Between-Us-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-the-space-between-us-casts-favorite-earth-things"},{"id":"47509144346597","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Eagle Eye Flies to #1","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Eagle Eye Flies to #1Kirk Cameron makes long-anticipated return to box office success.by Sujit Chawla | September 28, 2008 |  CommentsLooking down upon the rest of the box office,Eagle Eye soaredto the top of the charts this weekend with one of the largest September openingsin history. But the real surprise on the charts was in the number four position.Overall, the top ten sailed above last year’s levels.The combination of actorShia LaBeouf,directorD.J. Caruso andexecutive producer Steven Spielberg ruled the charts as the action-thriller Eagle Eye landed at number one this weekend with an estimated $29.2M for aper screen average of $8,319. The opening currently stands as the fourth biggestopening in September history behind only Sweet Home Alabama ($35.6M in2002), Rush Hour ($33M in 1998) and The Exorcism of Emily Rose($30M in 2005). It was also the biggest opening weekend in nearly two monthssince the The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor‘s $40.4M back during thefirst weekend in August. The last time LaBeouf and Caruso teamed up was on thesurprise hit Disturbia which opened in April of last year to $22.2M onits way to a robust $80.2M finale. Reviews were not strong but audiences linedup for the biggest ‘event’ film in weeks.In second place was the romantic dramaNights in Rodanthebased on the acclaimed novel from Nicholas Sparks. The Warner Bros. film grossed$13.6M this weekend, according to estimates, for a decent average of $5,018 perscreen. The total fell just behind the opening of the last pairing betweenRichard GereandDiane Lane,2002’s Unfaithful which opened to $14.1M. Reviews have not been kind toRodanthe, but expect many couples to curl up on the couch with this filmwhen it hits DVD during the winter.Falling two spots to number three was the Samuel L. Jackson thriller Lakeview Terracewith an estimated $7M falling a steep 53% bringing its cume after two weeks to$25.7M. Look for the Sony release to end with a final gross in the $40M range.&nbsp;Coming from seemingly out of nowhere and debuting in fourth place was the KirkCameron drama Fireproof.The film, which tells the story of a firefighter who must find a way to save hismarriage, brought in an estimated $6.5M from only 839 screens for a strongaverage of $7,764, second highest in the top ten. The film has been heavilypromoted to Christian groups and proves once again that religious-themed filmscan bring in an audience.Fifth place belonged to the Coen brothers latest dark comedy, Burn After Reading.Starring Brad Pitt and George Clooney, the film brought in an estimated $6.2Mthis weekend bringing its cume to $45.5M. The film is now the second highestgrossing title for the Coen’s behind only last years Academy Award winning NoCountry for Old Men which made $74.3M.In sixth place with the best hold in the top ten was the animated comedy Igorwhich slipped only 29.5% to $5.5M, bringing its cume to $14.3M. Look for a finalgross in the $25-30M range and a steeper drop next weekend as the family comedyBeverly Hills Chihuahua storms theaters.The race for seventh place was a tight one as Righteous Killand My Best Friend’s Girlare reporting grosses within $3,000 of each other. Currently in seventh isthe DeNiro/Pacino combination of Righteous Kill which took in anestimated $3.803M this weekend, bringing its cume to $34.8M. In eighth is theromantic comedy My Best Friend’s Girl which laughed up an estimated $3.8Mthis weekend bringing its cume to $14.5M.Debuting in ninth place with dismal results was the Spike Lee war drama Miracle at St.Anna which brought in an estimated $3.5M from 1,185 for asad per screen average of 2,954M. And closing out the top ten was Tyler Perry’sThe Family That Preyswhich had the largest drop in the top 10, falling 56.5% to $3.1M bringing itscume to $32.8M.The top ten films grossed $82.2M which was up 15% from last year when TheGame Plan opened in the top spot with $23M; and down 2% from 2006 when theanimated Open Season debuted at number one with $23.6M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"on, political, TV, Arrangement, prank, spy, FOX, football, VOD, nature, Disney, USA, WGN, Comics, indiana","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Eagle-Eye-Flies-to-1"},{"id":"47509155651653","title":"Box Office Guru Preview: Just What Moviegoers Want, Another Nic Cage Action Flick","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Preview: Just What Moviegoers Want, Another Nic Cage Action Flickby Gitesh Pandya | April 26, 2007 |  CommentsFor the fourth consecutive weekend, four or more new wide releases will cram into multiplexes trying to get at their piece of a dwindling box office pie.Nicolas Cage targets his second trip to the top spot this year with the action film \"Next,\" rival actioner \"The Condemned\" counters with Stone Cold Steve Austin in the lead, horror fans get yet another creepy tale with \"The Invisible,\" and Jamie Kennedy goes for some laughs with \"Kickin’ It Old Skool.\"Mostly garbage titles were programmed into this weekend’s menu since any studio with a decent film would not risk getting crushed on the second weekend by the webslinger sequel. Including these newest films, the first four months of 2007 boasts 64 wide releases hitting the marketplace, up slightly from last year’s 60 but up sharply from the 42 over the same period in 2005. With a mass quantity of weak April films, look for the North American box office to plunge to its lowest point of the year this weekend during what is essentially the calm before Sandman’s storm hits next Thursday night at midnight.Following his Marvel Comics hit \"Ghost Rider,\" Nicolas Cage once again plays the action hero card with the sci-fi thriller \"Next.\" The PG-13 film finds the Oscar winner playing a man with the ability to see into the future who is called in to foil a terrorist plot before it happens. Directed by Lee Tamahori (\"Die Another Day,\" \"Along Came A Spider\"), \"Next\" has the advantage of having the most screens and the most starpower of any new release this weekend. Plus with current films rotting away quickly (9 of the 16 holdovers in the Top 20 last weekend plunged by more than 55%), competition will not be too fierce. Paramount has been giving \"Next\" a decent amount of marketing, that is for a film being dumped into the final weekend of a month starting with the letter A. In almost any other time of year this would get clobbered, but given the current alternatives it will make for the only reasonable choice for many moviegoers. Hence, a number one opening by default and quite possibly the weakest one of the year. Crashing into over 2,500 theaters, \"Next\" could reach the top with around $13M.Cage and Biel required an escort when exiting the \"Next\" premiere.\"The Condemned\" offers a reality show idea not likely to be on any network’s fall schedule. In the weekend’s sole R-rated film, death row inmates duke it out to the death in order to avoid being executed, all while television cameras capture every brutal moment. World Wrestling Entertainment head Vince McMahon produces behind the scenes while former superstar grappler Steve Austin stars in front of the camera. Other WWE stars who headlined recent feature films include Kane in last May’s \"See No Evil\" ($4.6M debut) and John Cena in last fall’s \"The Marine\" ($7.1M bow). Both films averaged less than $4,000 on their opening weekends. Young men will make up the only audience segment for the new Lionsgate title and \"Next\" will provide some direct action competition. Still some hardcore wrestling fans will turn up to theaters since a movie ticket will be cheaper than ordering a pay-per-view event. But overall, prospects seem bleak. \"The Condemned\" will attack 2,310 theaters and may end up with $6M.Steve Austin and some unfortunate soul in \"The Condemned.\"As if moviegoers don’t have enough scary films to choose from, Buena Vista offers up one more with the supernatural thriller \"The Invisible.\" The PG-13 film follows a high school student whose spirit wanders after a brutal accident. Fright flicks have been flopping left and right recently and there is no reason to believe that this one will turn things around. The marketing volume has been stuck on low as this remake of a Swedish pic is more of a spring cleaning film tossed into the marketplace hoping to be forgotten soon. With no starpower, there will be almost nothing driving in traffic. \"The Invisible\" will appear in over 2,000 theaters this Friday, but might only collect roughly $5M.One of them is \"The Invisible.\"Jamie Kennedy headlines the new comedy \"Kickin’ It Old Skool\" playing a 1980s breakdancer that falls into a coma and awakens two decades later to a much different world. Yari Film Group is targeting teenagers with this PG-13 pic which essentially offers the same laughs as the comedian’s 2003 film \"Malibu’s Most Wanted.\" That modest hit bowed in late April to $12.6M from 2,503 theaters on its way to a $34.4M domestic final. \"Skool\" does not have a big studio marketing push behind it but it may grab the attention of some young dudes killing time before Peter Parker busts into theaters. DVD is where most people will find this one. Breaking into 1,600 theaters, \"Kickin’ It Old Skool\" could find itself with around $5M over three days.Jamie Kennedy and Webster kick it \"Old Skool.\"Among holdovers, two-time champ \"Disturbia\" will find it difficult to hold onto its crown given the arrival of Nicolas Cage. But Paramount won’t care as it should still claim the number one film for the fifth consecutive weekend. A 40% decline would give the Shia LaBeouf pic about $8M for the frame and a healthy $51M after 17 days. The Anthony Hopkins–Ryan Gosling thriller \"Fracture\" has been well-received and competition is not too fierce so a 40% drop could be in order as well. That would leave New Line with $6.5M and a ten-day tally of $21M.LAST YEAR: Three new flicks topped the charts led by the family comedy \"RV\" starring Robin Williams which opened at number one with $16.4M. The Sony hit enjoyed stellar legs and went on to collect $71.3M. Universal followed in second with the 9/11 thriller \"United 93\" which debuted in half as many theaters with $11.5M. The critically acclaimed pic went on to gross $31.5M. Buena Vista’s gymnastics film \"Stick It\" bowed in third with $10.8M on its way to $26.9M. Rounding out the top five were \"Silent Hill\" with $9.3M and \"Scary Movie 4\" with $7.8M. Also opening was the spelling drama \"Akeelah and the Bee\" with a weak $6M leading to a $18.8M final for Lionsgate and its promotional partner Starbucks.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Film, Toys, Guide, WarnerMedia, Returns, york, Central","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Preview-Just-What-Moviegoers-Want-Another-Nic-Cage-Action-Flick"},{"id":"47509202747906","title":"Weekly Ketchup: DC Schedules 10 Justice League Movies for 2016-2020","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: DC Schedules 10 Justice League Movies for 2016-2020Plus, Iron Man news, a Sam Raimi rom-com, and possible new roles for Scarlett Johansson, Ryan Gosling, and Javier Bardem.by Greg Dean Schmitz | October 17, 2014 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup covers the week when both Marvel and Warner Bros made big superhero movie announcements (Captain America 3, The Flash, Cyborg, Suicide Squad, etc). Other movies did still make the news, however, like Ghost in the Shell, Pete’s Dragon, Pirates of the Caribbean 5, and… Minecraft?&nbsp;This Week’s Top StoryDC COMICS STRIKES BACK: TEN JUSTICE LEAGUE MOVIES FOR 2016-2020Early in the week, it seemed like the big superhero movie news of the week was going to be all about Iron Man and something called Civil War (more on that later). And then, on Wednesday, Warner Bros had an investors meeting and confirmed plans for ten superhero movies stretching all the way until 2020. The plan is for at least two DC Comics adaptations a year, although some years will have more, because this list of ten doesn’t include solo movies for Batman and Superman, and other DC adaptations like Sandman and Justice League Dark. Also in the mix are the first three Harry Potter spinoffs adapting J.K Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and the next three LEGO movies. In 2016, there will be Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (which might feature a female Robin), the super villain team movie Suicide Squad (more on that later), the first Fantastic Beasts, and The LEGO Ninjago Movie. In 2017, Wonder Woman will finally get her live action solo movie, along with Justice League Part One (to be directed by Zack Snyder), and The LEGO Batman Movie (first announced last week). In 2018, there will be The Flash, Aquaman, the second Fantastic Beasts, and The Lego Movie 3. 2019 brings us Shazam and Justice League Part Two, and 2020 will see the release of a Cyborg solo movie, a reboot of Green Lantern, and the third Fantastic Beasts movie. Read on for more about some of these DC Comics adaptations down below, and check out this image to see what the superhero movie landscape for the next six years looks like now.Fresh Developments This Week#1 ROBERT DOWNEY JR JOINS CAPTAIN AMERICA 3, KICKING OFF CIVIL WAR MOVIE EVENTWe’ve known for a while that the 5/6/16 release of Captain America 3 would be preceded that year by Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice on 3/25/16. This week, we learned that Batman and Superman aren’t the only superheroes who will be at odds in the near future. Robert Downey Jr is in final talks with Marvel Studios to expand his contract beyond Avengers: Age of Ultron and the eventual Avengers 3. The new deal is for Captain America 3, which has now been confirmed to be the start of a new multi-film storyline bringing Marvel’s Civil War event to the big screen. There’s a lot more to Civil War than could possibly be explained in this space, but here’s the gist: After a tragedy (which might be different for the movies), the U.S. Government passes a “Superhuman Registration Act” forcing heroes to reveal their identities, or be branded criminals and fugitives. Iron Man and Black Widow support the SRA, and Captain America and Falcon oppose the law, and go underground with other rebels. (In the comics, Hawkeye, Hulk, and Thor weren’t involved in Civil War, for various reasons). A key figure in Civil War also just happens to be a character who, it was (very) recently rumored, might possibly join Marvel’s Cinematic Universe: Spider-Man (we won’t reveal why, because it’s a pretty awesome surprise in the comics.) Civil War also opens the door for the introduction of any number of new characters who could expand into their own solo movies, especially as Marvel Studios is expected to expand from two movies a year to three movies a year starting in 2017.&nbsp;#2 EZRA MILLER WILL BE THE FLASH, SURPRISING ENTIRE INTERNETEver since the 1990s, the Internet’s various movie sites and blogs have been running early casting speculation stories far before the involved studio actually confirmed any such decisions. Right now, for example, we’re very deep into the Doctor Strange cast-a-thon. One thing that you can definitely give Warner Bros credit for this week is that with their announcement, they just slid out who will be playing The Flash (Ezra Miller), accomplishing a few things. Not only had no one predicted that the star of We Need to Talk About Kevin was going to play The Flash, but the Internet hadn’t even really gotten around to such speculation yet. Ezra Miller also lands the job as the movie version of The Flash just a week after Grant Gustin made his debut as the new TV show version. Miller has the distinction of being the first openly gay actor to be cast as a superhero lead character in a major franchise. Gal Gadot (Wonder Woman), Jason Momoa (Aquaman), and Ray Fisher (Cyborg) also each got their solo movies confirmed, but only Momoa’s casting had still been a question mark (though his name’s been rumored/speculated for several months now). Warner Bros appears to be very much in the “star making” business with these movies, especially considering that Ray Fisher still has not made his feature film debut yet (his only appearance, other than stage work, was in a 2008 short film called The Good, the Bad, and the Confused). In somewhat related news, Gal Gadot is also now in talks for the lead female role in the Ben-Hur remake, along with the news that Pedro Pascal (Oberyn Martel from Game of Thrones) is in talks to play Pontius Pilate.&nbsp;#3 RYAN GOSLING, TOM HARDY, AND WILL SMITH WANTED FOR SUICIDE SQUADOut of context, Suicide Squad (8/5/16) might have seemed like an odd choice for Warner Bros as only the third DC Comics adaptation in their new cinematic universe (after Man of Steel and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice). On the same day that Suicide Squad was confirmed for 2016, a story broke that potentially explained the rationale. Suicide Squad, if Warner Bros’ plans pan out, is looking like something of a super villain version of Ocean’s Eleven, featuring an impressive cast. This news came in something of a buried lead in a longer story about Ryan Gosling (who’s also one of the potential Doctor Strange stars). In addition to Gosling, Warner Bros is reportedly talking to Will Smith, Tom Hardy (formerly their “Bane”), and Wolf of Wall Street costar Margot Robbie (who is newly available after leaving Ghost in the Shell). If those stars sign on, it’s still unclear exactly which DC Comics super villains will make up the movie version of Suicide Squad (there’s been a lot of members in the comics). This recent rumor, however, suggests it might include Blockbuster, Captain Boomerang, Mindboggler, Multiplex, Vixen, Deadshot (as the leader of the team), and Jaculi (who is a Suicide Squad enemy in the comics). Three of those characters are particularly obscure, but WB might be taking a cue from Guardians of the Galaxy. Suicide Squad will be directed by David Ayer, who’s latest film is this weekend’s Fury (Certified Fresh at 77%).&nbsp;#4 WILL SCARLETT JOHANSSON JOIN SECTION 9 IN GHOST IN THE SHELL?Last month, in the slow news days immediately after Labor Day, our lead story was that Margot Robbie (The Wolf of Wall Street) had landed the lead role in the live action manga adaptation of Ghost in the Shell. We don’t know exactly what happened, but Robbie is no longer attached. Instead, DreamWorks has reportedly made a $10 million offer to Scarlett Johansson to take the lead instead. Ghost in the Shell is set in a cyberpunk future where cyborg bodies called “shells” are controlled by “ghosts” (human minds), with the two leads being cyborg cops investigating both a government conspiracy and a hacker called the Puppet Master. This live action version of Ghost in the Shell will be directed by Rupert Sanders (Snow White and the Huntsman).&nbsp;#5 SAM RAIMI IN TALKS TO DIRECT ROMANTIC COMEDY LOVE MAY FAILDifferent fans may most associate director Sam Raimi with either horror (the Evil Dead franchise) or superhero movies (Spider-Man). The truth might be closer to “n/a”, because Raimi has plied his skills on lots of different genres, including western (The Quick and the Dead), thriller (A Simple Plan), sports (For Love of the Game), and fantasy (Oz: The Great and Powerful). Now, Raimi looks poised to take on a romantic comedy, with the news that he is in talks to direct an adaptation of an upcoming novel by the author of Silver Linings Playbook. Although it won’t be published until next summer, Love May Fail is already being adapted by screenwriter Mike White (The Good Girl, School of Rock, Orange County). The premise involves a woman who escapes a failing marriage to go back to her hometown to save her English teacher who is embroiled in a “horrific scandal.”&nbsp;#6 ROBERT REDFORD JOINS DISNEY’S REMAKE OF PETE’S DRAGONOne sign that an actor is in the later years of his career is that film writers are challenged to figure out if his role in a remake is the one previously played by Mickey Rooney, Jim Backus, or Red Buttons. Of course, Robert Redford is now 78, so maybe this isn’t exactly breaking news. Indeed, Redford is now over 10 years older than those three actors were when they costarred in the movie in question: 1977’s Pete’s Dragon. Anyway, yes, Robert Redford is in talks with Walt Disney Pictures to costar in their remake of Pete’s Dragon as “a local who tells tall tales involving dragons that no one believes.” Indie director David Lowery (Ain’t Them Bodies Saints) is directing this new version, which transplants the story from a 20th century fishing village to a modern setting where loggers are cutting down a forest (a forest where a dragon has been raising a young boy named Pete). If he signs on, Robert Redford will be the first adult actor to join child stars Oakes Fegley (Boardwalk Empire) and Oona Laurence.&nbsp;#7 “ONE MORE THING…” CHRISTIAN BALE IN TALKS TO PLAY STEVE JOBSSony’s search for their own Steve Jobs (after that movie with Kelso) has been going on for months now, and this is probably the 4th or 5th time the Weekly Ketchup has covered the process. Christian Bale had been an early favorite to star in this version of a biopic about Apple founder Steve Jobs, but then… things changed. For a while, Leonardo DiCaprio had been in talks to star, but two weeks ago, he dropped out. Then Bale was back in the running, along with other possibilities, like Bradley Cooper, Ben Affleck, and Matt Damon, and now it looks like he is indeed the front runner. If Christian Bale does sign on, he will be working with director Danny Boyle (127 Hours, Slumdog Millionaire), who will be working from a script by Aaron Sorkin. Boyle’s own hiring was the result of something of a similar process, coming after the departure of David Fincher (who would have reuniting with the screenwriter of The Social Network, another tech billionaire biopic).Rotten Ideas of the Week#2 WILL JAVIER BARDEM JOIN PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN 5?Spanish actor Javier Bardem seems like a perfectly nice gentleman, but Hollywood has been sort of pigeonholing him into being a “heavy,” a “bad guy.” Bardem’s two most famous big budget roles were both villains, in No Country for Old Men and in the James Bond movie Skyfall (more about Bond villains at the end of this story). Javier Bardem is now in talks for a third such big budget villain role, in the fifth Pirates of the Caribbean movie, once again starring Johnny Depp. If he signs on, Bardem will play the film’s villain, called “Captain Brand,” who might also just happen to be a ghost. Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg, the directors of Kon-Tiki, are expected to start filming Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in Australia in 2015, and Walt Disney Pictures has scheduled the film for release on July 7, 2017. This story is a “Rotten Idea” not because of Javier Bardem or the directors, but because the Tomatometer ratings for the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise have been steadily declining with each new movie since the first movie was Certified Fresh at 79%. The other (possible) James Bond villain news this week is still a rumor as of this writing, but here you go: Dave Bautista may have landed the “Hinx” villain role in James Bond 24.&nbsp;#1 THE MINECRAFT MOVIE IS STILL HAPPENINGIt wasn’t included with all of the other hoopla that their films attracted this week, but another Warner Bros adaptation also had major news this week. In other words, it’s not related to DC Comics, J.K. Rowling, or LEGO. Nope, this story is all about that retro video game that gamers below a certain age are obsessed with, and people over a certain age are mostly bewildered by: Minecraft. Having had success with The LEGO Movie, Warner Bros apparently sees Minecraft as a potentially similar success in the making, since they’re both about… building blocks? The difference, of course, is that LEGO has spent decades developing a loose storyline with various character-based sets, as well as games and animated movies based on various licensed characters. Minecraft, as well as this person-over-a-certain-age can tell, is mostly non-narrative. Anyway, it’s Shawn Levy‘s problem now, because the director of Night at the Museum, The Internship, and This is Where I Leave You is now in talks with Warner Bros to direct the Minecraft movie.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via Facebook.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"lee, CBS, Disney, park, Comics, APB, Originals, GIFs, Pacific, Awards, Rocketman","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"weekly-ketchup-dc-schedules-10-justice-league-movies-for-20162020"},{"id":"47614823323832","title":"10 Real-Life Knights Royally Misbehaving In Movies and TV","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})10 Real-Life Knights Royally Misbehaving In Movies and TVPatrick Stewart Joins a Legendary List of Knights Behaving Badly With Blunt Talkby Benjamin Lindsay | August 21, 2015 |  CommentsRequiring legendary levels&nbsp;of bravery, artistry, and intellect, being knighted by the British monarchy is no laughing matter. Some of the 20th century’s finest British talents of film, television, and stage have been honored as a Knight Bachelor for their contributions to the arts, but don’t you just love it when the good knights go bad? Their chivalry aside, many have proven keen to royally misbehaving now and again.Look no further than Sir Patrick Stewart’s latest leading man gig: Walter Blunt in the Seth MacFarlane-produced Starz series, Blunt Talk. The trailer alone shows the British newsman indulging in sex, drugs, and rock ‘n’ roll, so the sky’s truly the limit for where this bad boy’s antics will take him upon the series’ August 22 premiere.Below, we break down 10 knights who’ve taken a walk on the wild side as womanizers, mutants, dictators, and more.SIR BOOZE-A-LOTKnight: Sir Patrick StewartYear Knighted: Stewart was first honored by the British monarchy in 2001 when appointed as Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). He was again honored at the 2010 New Year Honours when made a Knight Bachelor for his services to drama.Royal Misbehavior: While Stewart’s 50-year stage and film career has seen him play any number of roles, he’s become best known for playing the virtuous leader (hat tip to Captain Jean-Luc Picard and Professor Xavier). That’s what makes his most recent outing as Walter Blunt on Blunt Talk such a thrill. As an English newscaster fresh to L.A., he plays a Brit-out-of-water with a penchant for booze, cocaine, and ladies of the night. It’s our fearless leader like we’ve never seen him before.Where to see him next: Blunt Talk premieres on Starz this Saturday,&nbsp;August 22, at 9 p.m.SIR LADIES MANKnight: Sir Michael CaineYear Knighted: Queen Elizabeth II appointed Caine a Knight Bachelor in 2000 for his services to drama.Royal Misbehavior: You can’t just go around ripping women’s hearts out like that! As the title character and unapologetic womanizer in Alfie, Caine jumps from one relationship — and bed — to the next, fathering children and ransacking the battlefield of love along the way. And when it all catches up to him and he decides to man-up and settle down, the good-looking Brit gets a dose of his own cold-hearted medicine. It doesn’t go down easy.Where to see him next: The latter half of Caine’s career has seen him become a mainstay in Christopher Nolan’s epics, but he stars next in Youth, an aged buddy dramedy costarring Harvey Keitel and Jane Fonda.SIR PRISON BREAKKnight:&nbsp;Sir Sean ConneryYear Knighted: After being nominated and then vetoed for knighthood in both 1997 and 1998, Connery was appointed Knight Bachelor in 2000 for his services to drama. He also holds to his name such distinctions as “Sexiest Man Alive” and “The Greatest Living Scot.”Royal Misbehavior: Connery is criminally sexy as the historic James Bond, but in director Michael Bay’s 1996 blockbuster, The Rock, he plays a convicted baddie who’s turning over a new leaf. His character, John Mason, is the only prisoner to ever escape Alcatraz, and the FBI — led by Nicolas Cage’s Dr. Stanley Goodspeed — needs his help to infiltrate and terminate rogue Marines who’ve taken over the island.Where to see him next: Connery, who turned 85 this week, has been largely inactive in Hollywood since his starring role in 2003’s The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Might be time for a Bond marathon when Spectre hits this fall.SIR&nbsp;MILKSHAKE-DRINKERKnight: Sir Daniel Day-LewisYear Knighted: The three-time Academy Award winner was officially knighted by Prince William, Duke of Cambridge in 2014 — one year after Dame Helen Mirren jokingly bestowed the honor at the 2013 Oscars.Royal Misbehavior: As sociopathic antihero Daniel Plainview in Paul Thomas Anderson’s 2007 masterpiece,&nbsp;There Will Be Blood, Day-Lewis is utterly unforgettable. Inspired by Upton Sinclair’s&nbsp;Oil!, Plainview is a soulless oil man warped by greed, rage, and lust. And Day-Lewis’ Oscar-winning turn is an undeniable tour de force. You’ll never look at milkshakes (or bowling pins) the same way again.Where to see him next: Day-Lewis has been on hiatus since snagging his third Oscar for portraying Abraham Lincoln in Steven Spielberg’s 2012 release, Lincoln. Another of his Oscar performances, My Left Foot, is currently streaming on Netflix.SIR HANNIBALKnight: Sir Anthony HopkinsYear Knighted: Queen Elizabeth II appointed Hopkins as a Knight Bachelor in 1993 for his contributions to the arts.Royal Misbehavior: Few villains are as immediately memorable — or quotable — as Dr. Hannibal Lecter. Hopkins took home the 1991 Oscar for his Silence of the Lambs role. To this day, he sends chills down our spine with his master intellect and observational prowess — and, of course, his unyielding insistence on snacking on human flesh. No matter how decadent the wine and accompanying hors d’oeuvres, when he says he’s having a friend for dinner, run for it.Where to see him next: Hopkins has a pair of action-thrillers in the wings: Collide with costars Nicholas Hoult and Felicity Jones, and Solace with Colin Farrell — and will star in the upcoming HBO series Westworld,&nbsp;premiering in 2016.&nbsp;SIR&nbsp;VICIOUSKnight:&nbsp;Sir Derek JacobiYear Knighted: Jacobi’s royally representing more than just the United Kingdom as a Knight of the arts. He was appointed as Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1985, and a Knight Bachelor for services to drama in 1994. Between these distinctions, however, Denmark scooped him up to honor him as a Knight First Class of the Order of Dannebrog in 1989.Royal Misbehavior: His role as Alexander Corvinus in Underworld: Evolution may have him fraternizing with the undead, but as Stuart Bixby in the British sitcom Vicious, Jacobi goes for Ian McKellen’s throat with the practiced grace of a&nbsp;vampire. Witnessing these two long-time partners get catty and queeny with each other&nbsp;is a schadenfreude-fueled delight, but we’d never want to get caught in the crossfire.Where to see him next:&nbsp;Season two of Vicious premieres this Sunday on PBS. Also, see Sir Jacobi’s kingly turn&nbsp;in the Certified Fresh film Cinderella when it comes to DVD on September 15.SIR SARUMANKnight: Sir Christopher LeeYear Knighted: Lee was made a Knight Bachelor in 2009 for his services to drama and charity. Thoughtfully enough, Prince Charles allowed Lee to remain standing when knighted due to the difficulty the 87-year-old had kneeling.Royal Misbehavior: The late, great Lee made a livelihood out of playing the villain — he is perhaps the most famous Count Dracula ever, bringing him to the big screen a whopping nine times. But audiences today will likely recognize him for his work later on in both the Star Wars and Lord of the Rings franchises. As Saruman in the latter, he aligned himself with Sauron and waged war on Middle Earth, betraying his old friend, Gandalf, and eventually paying the ultimate price.Where to see him next: Sir Christopher Lee died at age 93 on June 7, 2015. Look for his final film, the U.K. indie Angels in Notting Hill, coming soon to a&nbsp;film festival near you.SIR V FOR VILLAINKnight:&nbsp;Sir John HurtYear Knighted:&nbsp;Surprisingly, the longtime actor was just appointed a Bachelor Knight this year in the 2015 New Year Honours for his service to drama. In 2004, he was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).Royal Misbehavior:&nbsp;No stranger to futuristic dystopias, Hurt played protagonist Winston Smith in the 1984 adaptation of George Orwell’s 1984. In tackling the genre again in 2005, he opted for the dark side. As Adam Sutler in James McTeigue’s adaptation of V for Vendetta, he played a Hitler-inspired fascist dictator and the direct antagonist to our unlikely heroes, Evey and V.Where to see him next: You can catch Hurt later this year as Tom, the boss-man in Sky Atlantic’s The Last Panthers, a TV biopic of famed heist masters The Pink Panthers.SIR MIND-F#@%Knight:&nbsp;Sir Ben KingsleyYear Knighted: Kingsley was appointed a Knight Bachelor in 2002. Rumor has it, he insists on “Sir” preceding his name ever since.Royal Misbehavior: Kingsley has proven over the years that he can dabble with both the good and the bad (performances don’t get more benevolent than his Academy Award-winning take on Mohandas Gandhi). But as Dr. Cawley in Martin Scorsese’s 2010 psychological thriller, Shutter Island, he oozes malice. Cawley’s icy demeanor with his patients is less about professional boundaries and more indicative of his heartlessness towards their well-being. It’s a calculated, slow-burning performance, and one that stands out in this Leonardo DiCaprio-starrer.Where to see him next: Kingsley always has a stacked slate of projects. He just starred as Ay in Tut, a new miniseries on Spike TV, and can be seen in the film Learning to Drive, which opens in limited release this weekend.SIR MAGNETOKnight: Sir Ian McKellenYear Knighted: The list of British honors for McKellen have been stacking up for the better part of three decades. In 1979, he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire. In 1991, he was appointed a Knight Bachelor for services to the performing arts. And McKellen followed that up with an appointment as Companion of Honour for services to drama in 2008.Royal Misbehavior: Sure, he’s famed for bringing J. R. R. Tolkien’s beloved Gandalf to life in Peter Jackson’s Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit trilogies, but the indomitable voice and presence needed for Gandalf also served McKellen well when tackling Erik Lehnsherr (A.K.A. Magneto) for the live-action X-Men franchise. His ability to wreck havoc with the wave of his hand — remember that bridge scene in X-Men: The Last Stand? — is simply terrifying. And that Mystique-assisted prison break from X2 is still bait to make any fanboy geek-out.Where to see him next: McKellen can be caught in theaters now as Sherlock Holmes in Bill Condon’s Mr. Holmes. He also plays the comically snide Freddie Thornhill alongside another knight,&nbsp;Sir Derek Jacobi (who once played Hitler, no less), in showrunner Gary Janetti’s Vicious,&nbsp;which returns for a second season on PBS this Sunday.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"San, Shudder, comedies, Disney, Adult","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"10-real-life-knights-royally-misbehaving-in-movies-and-tv"},{"id":"47509041598514","title":"Video: Ice Cube has Some Super Strong Genes","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Ice Cube has Some Super Strong Genesby Grae Drake | August 14, 2015 |  CommentsThe stars of Straight Outta Compton (Jason Mitchell, Corey Hawkins, and O’Shea Jackson Jr.) reveal the secret ingredient to playing a member of N.W.A., and we get a glimpse of&nbsp;how deep the family resemblance to Ice Cube runs. Also,&nbsp;F. Gary Gray discusses his inspirations in directing this film.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Plus, york, sequel, hidden, BBC, Superheroes, guild, international, Awards","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Straight-Ouuta-Compton-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-ice-cube-has-some-super-strong-genes"},{"id":"47509036504071","title":"Video: The Cast of The Forest Talk Haunted Places","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Cast of The Forest Talk Haunted Placesby Grae Drake | January 8, 2016 |  CommentsThe stars of The Forest, Taylor Kinney and Natalie Dormer, discuss the most haunted places they’ve ever been. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Election, Comics, Syfy, awards, History","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/08105625/The-Forest-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-the-cast-of-the-forest-talk-haunted-places"},{"id":"47617751906751","title":"RT on DVD: Spider-Man 3 Arrives, My So-Called Life Re-issued!","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"comic, Tubi, strong, frames, chucky, Amazon, poppins, song, Legendary, deadpool, Trek, satire","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-on-dvd-spiderman-3-arrives-my-socalled-life-reissued"},{"id":"47612197947593","title":"On DVD This Week: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Silence, Planet Earth II, and More","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})On DVD This Week: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Silence, Planet Earth II, and Moreby Ryan Fujitani | March 27, 2017 |  CommentsThis week, we have the latest addition to the Harry Potter-verse, an Oscar-nominated Scorsese drama, a visually spectacular nature series, and a bunch of other Certified Fresh options, from a foreign potboiler to a coming-of-age tale to a thriller based on true events. Read on for the full list!Planet Earth II: Miniseries (2017)  100%David Attenborough returns to narrate this second installment of the groundbreaking nature series, ten years in the making, which depicts rarely seen animals and animal behaviors in far-flung locations across the world. Available in 4K Ultra HD, the series set only comes with the behind-the-scenes “Diaries” that come at the end of each episode.Get it HereThe Handmaiden (Ah-ga-ssi) (2016)  95%Park Chan-wook’s period drama based on the Sarah Waters novel&nbsp;Fingersmith&nbsp;follows a young thief who is assigned to be the handmaiden for a wealthy Japanese aristocrat, with secret plans to defraud her of her fortune. There is currently no information on special features.Get it Here, Stream it Here20th Century Women (2017)  88%Annette Bening, Greta Gerwig, and Elle Fanning star in Mike Mills’ semi-autobiographical Oscar-nominated drama about a bohemian single mother who raises her teenage son with the help of the eccentric tenants living in her house. Bonus features include a commentary with Mills and featurettes on the cast and the making of the film.Get it Here, Stream it HereA Monster Calls (2017)  86%Lewis MacDougall, Felicity Jones, and Sigourney Weaver star in J.A. Bayona’s adaptation of a YA novel about a boy who encounters a monstrous talking tree (voiced by Liam Neeson) outside his bedroom window when his mother falls gravely ill. Extras include commentary tracks in both English (with writer Patrick Ness) and Spanish (with Bayona) and two making-of featurettes.Get it Here, Stream it HereSilence (2017)  83%Martin Scorsese directs this adaptation of of a 1966 Shūsaku Endō novel about two Jesuit priests (Andrew Garfield and Adam Driver) who are sent to Japan amid anti-Christian sentiments to locate a missing member of their order. It comes with just one extra, a 24-minute look at various aspects of the film, from Scorsese’s adaptation process to the performances to the setting, among others.Get it Here, Stream it HerePatriots Day (2017)  81%Mark Wahlberg, J.K. Simmons, and John Goodman star in Peter Berg’s dramatization of the 2013 Boston Marathon Bombing and the people who helped secure the scene and bring the suspects to justice. Extras include interviews with the real-life people on whom the film is based, interviews with Berg and the cast, and a segment featuring the cast meeting their real-life counterparts.Get it Here, Stream it HereFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016)  74%Eddie Redmayne and Katherine Waterston star in this spinoff of the&nbsp;Harry Potter&nbsp;series about wizard Newt Scamander’s efforts to recapture mythical creatures let loose in 1920s New York as a greater threat looms on the horizon. There are a ton of short featurettes covering the characters, creatures, and design of the film, as well as over 14 minutes of deleted scenes and interviews with the cast, director David Yates, and J.K. Rowling.Get it Here, Stream it HereWhy Him? (2016)  39%Bryan Cranston and James Franco star in this comedy about an overprotective father who panics when he learns his daughter is set to be engaged to her boyfriend, a well-intentioned but often tactless and oblivious tech billionaire. Bonus features include featurettes on various characters, an image gallery, and a gag reel and deleted scenes, plus more.Get it Here, Stream it HereBlow-Up (1966)  88%– Criterion CollectionLastly, from Criterion, we have this influential masterpiece&nbsp;from Michelangelo Antonioni, starring David Hemmings and Vanessa Redgrave in a psychological thriller about a photographer&nbsp;haunted by the possibility he may have inadvertently captured a murder on film. The newly restored 4K release comes with a 2016 documentary on the making of the film, new pieces about Antonioni’s artistic approach, archival interviews, and more.Get it Here","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"heist, venice, drama, globes, Premium, drama, History","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"on-dvd-this-week-fantastic-beasts-and-where-to-find-them-silence-planet-earth-ii-and-more"},{"id":"47508899020575","title":"3 Dinosaur Movie Alternatives to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})3 Dinosaur Movie Alternatives to Jurassic World: Fallen KingdomThe latest Jurassic movie may be too intense for kids, so here are some other choices for families of different ages.by Christy Lemire | June 22, 2018 |  CommentsThe latest installment of the Jurassic franchise is directed by J.A. Bayona, who’s best known for a horror film (The Orphanage) and a disaster drama (The Impossible), so&nbsp;Fallen Kingdom is unsurprisingly an intense affair. It may be too intense for some kids, in fact, so Christy Lemire breaks down what to expect in it, and then offers a few alternatives for families with children of different ages.THE&nbsp;MOVIEJurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (2018)  47%Rating:&nbsp;PG-13, for intense sequences of science-fiction violence and peril.The sequel to the 2015 global smash Jurassic World&nbsp;– which made nearly $1.7 billion worldwide – is a lot like its predecessor. The dinosaurs are ferocious, everyone’s in constant peril and lots of folks just straight-up get eaten. Your kids may be interested in dinos, but director J.A. Bayona’s film will be too much for the very young ones. The action is non-stop and often extremely violent. Once again, scientists are foolish enough to tinker with nature and technology, splicing together powerful DNA to create a fearsome super-creature. But Owen (Chris Pratt), Claire (Bryce Dallas Howard) and their team also find themselves in danger when a volcano erupts after many years on the abandoned Isla Nublar, sending fireballs raining down on them. And one of the main characters who’s consistently running for her life – from dinosaurs and dastardly humans alike – is a bright and resourceful young girl named Maisie (Isabella Sermon), whose quiet presence and wide eyes vividly indicate her fear. There’s a bit of language scattered throughout. I brought my son (who’s almost 9) with me to the screening, and he didn’t find anything frightening, but he’d also seen the first film and likes to play the LEGO video game. For the most part, though, I’d say this is OK for viewers around 10 and older, especially if they’ve already seen the original movie.THE RECOMMENDATIONSThe Jurassic World&nbsp;sequel will probably be too intense for a lot of young viewers. If so, here are some dinosaur-centric options for various ages.The Good Dinosaur (2015)  76%Rating:&nbsp;PG,&nbsp;for peril, action and thematic elements.This happened to come out a few months after Jurassic World, and while it also features dinosaurs and kids interacting with each other, it does so in a much more heartwarming way – albeit with some moments of tragedy. The Pixar Animation tale offers a twist on the tried-and-true, boy-and-his-dog story, but it also harkens to Disney animated classics like Bambi and Dumbo, which featured powerful moments of parent-child peril. It’s a gorgeous film, though, filled with&nbsp;high-tech, photorealistic beauty. You’ll swear you’re looking at real water, trees and mountains. A young dinosaur named Arlo (voiced by Raymond Ochoa) reluctantly befriends the feral boy (Jack Bright) who’d been stealing food from his family’s farm. The two repeatedly find themselves in serious danger. Arlo becomes separated from his family and loses his way home in the treacherous wilderness. There are raging storms, predatory pterodactyls and vicious cattle rustlers to survive, as well as dramatic parental loss early in the film, which already was devastating. The film has a touching, unlikely friendship, but also a pervasive sense of loneliness and fear. My son was only 6 when I brought him with me to a screening of The Good Dinosaur, and we both cried in different spots. I’d say this is OK for most kids in your family, but you may need to have a conversation afterward with the particularly sensitive ones.Watch now on: Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW, iTunesCaveman (1981)  28%Rating:&nbsp;PGOK, just hear me out on this. Yes, Caveman&nbsp;has a lowly 24% approval rating on the Tomatometer. It did not exactly get great reviews when it came out, but it’s gained a bit of a cult appreciation in the years since then. And I have really fond memories of watching it as a kid. I was 8 years old when Caveman&nbsp;debuted in theaters, and that’s probably just about the perfect age to watch it. I recall being tickled by the silly slapstick of it all, and the dialogue is all made-up words and prehistoric grunts. That’s pretty ambitious, but it also makes Carl Gottlieb’s film (the only feature the Jaws co-writer ever directed) accessible to kids. Beatles drummer Ringo Starr plays a scrawny, bullied caveman named Atouk, who longs for the lovely Lana (Barbara Bach), the mate of the hulking Tonda (the late, former NFL defensive lineman John Matuszak). He joins a tribe of misfits (including Shelley Long and Dennis Quaid) and they endure a series of misadventures involving stop-motion animation dinosaurs and even the abominable snowman. But they also discover fire, music, weapons and cooking, and they learn to walk upright. There’s some grown-up humor here, but again, the characters aren’t using real words (“zug zug” means sex, for example) so kids may not catch everything they’re talking about. A T. rex gets high, but it’s a goofy bit. And Caveman&nbsp;features the mother of all poop jokes, which will make your kids giggle uncontrollably. Fine for viewers around 8 and older.Watch now on:&nbsp;VuduJurassic Park (1993)  91%Rating: PG-13, for intense science fiction terror.If your kids haven’t seen any of the movies in the Jurassic&nbsp;franchise, going back to the beginning is a great place to start. Steven Spielberg’s original film remains far and away the best in the series. It’s thrilling and frightening, beautifully crafted and flat-out fun, and it understandably became a worldwide phenomenon. On Isla Nublar off the coast of Costa Rica, a brilliant and eccentric millionaire (Richard Attenborough) has developed a theme park where humans can roam among and learn from dinosaurs. They’re the product of cloned DNA, and they range from spry velociraptors to a massive&nbsp;T. rex. But of course, this paradise can’t last. Greed always gets in the way, eventually leading to mass chaos. The dinosaurs look extremely realistic, both in their physical details and the way they move. And because this is a Spielberg film, the tension is unbearable at times. It’s a classic, though, with a great cast including Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, and Samuel L. Jackson. Fine for viewers around 9 or 10 and older.Watch now on:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;iTunes","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"TV, Fox","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/22132416/Jurassic-World-Fallen-Kingdom-Dinosaur-Movies-PG.jpg","slug":"3-dinosaur-movie-alternatives-to-jurassic-world-fallen-kingdom"},{"id":"47613829858036","title":"Mike Judge Might Bring Back King of the Hill with an Older Bobby and Do Another Beavis and Butt-Head Movie","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Mike Judge Might Bring Back King of the Hill with an Older Bobby and Do Another Beavis and Butt-Head MoviePlus: what's coming up in season 5 of Silicon Valley, moving on from T.J. Miller, celebrating the show's women, and real, scary technology.by Fred Topel | March 19, 2018 |  CommentsLast Summer, Fox announced plans to develop a revival of King of the Hill, based on the success of revivals like X-Files, Will &amp; Grace, Full House, and the upcoming Roseanne. On the red carpet for PaleyFest honoring his show Silicon Valley, Mike&nbsp;Judge&nbsp;told Rotten Tomatoes he would revisit the Hill family, but only if he could make them older.“It would have to have a passage of time,” Judge said. “People have grown up. I think The Simpsons are so iconic just the way they’re drawn, you can keep Bart that same age for 60 years. Our characters, it was starting to strain a little bit to have Bobby still be that age for that long.”King of the Hill ran for 13 seasons on Fox. It was almost canceled after season 10, but hung on for three more years.“Two hundred and seventy five&nbsp;episodes wasn’t enough,” Judge joked. “We’ve talked about a way to bring it back. I think it would have to be different.”Judge’s first long-running series was MTV’s Beavis and Butt-Head. They enjoyed an MTV revival in 2011, but Judge told Rotten Tomatoes he is thinking about revisiting the heavy metal headbangers too.“That’s possible too,” Judge said. “It came up two months ago. It’s just a matter of coming up with an idea that feels like it’s worth doing. They’ve talked about a movie possibly.”The duo’s first film, Beavis and Butt-Head Do America&nbsp;came out in 1996, three years after the show debuted. The movie is certified fresh at 72% and comparable 69% audience score. It grossed $63 million after a&nbsp;No. 1 debut weekend of $20 million, which was cool, huh huh huh.In the Silicon Valley cast, Kumail Nanjiani has more movie prospects, too, after his Oscar-nominated film The Big Sick. He and Emily Gordon, his wife and co-writer, are writing another movie, but not another autobiographical one.“The next thing we’re working on is fiction,” Nanjiani said. “I think it will still feel like something we wrote, I hope, but it’s in a very different world. We really laid our personal lives bare and now it’s time to keep some of that to ourselves for a little bit.”Fans at PaleyFest got to see the season 5 premiere of&nbsp;Silicon Valley, which finds the Pied Piper gang occupying new offices and staffing up. So far, Dinesh (Nanjiani) and Gilfoyle (Martin Starr) have only hired three people, and Richard (Thomas Middleditch) struggles to motivate them.“Richard isn’t the best at remembering all his lessons at being a good boss,” Middleditch said. “There’s some stumbling on his part that goes along with that. He still pukes though, don’t worry.”Future episodes will see Jared (Zach Woods) return home, Woods said.“He moves back into his condo,” Woods said. “Real hot residential spoiler.”Jared had previously been shut out of his own home by a renter who wouldn’t leave when Jared wanted to move back in.“The squatter takes off and then he can move back into his condo,” Woods said.Gilfoyle is still the most sarcastic programmer at Pied Piper. The company’s success only gives him more material to mock.“I might be making fun of other people’s poor decisions as they make bad decisions in their success,” Starr said.Dinesh may be one of those people making bad decisions. He’s trying not to though.“We’ve seen what he was like when he was CEO,” Nanjiani said. “Now this season he’s got more power, but he understands that he can’t lose it the way he did last time. It’s a delicate balance for him to fight his own tendencies to be a douchebag.”Season 5 seemed like a good time to finally allow Pied Piper some success. We’ve watched them struggle for four years, so now they’ve earned it.“The concern is if they become billionaires overnight, does anyone give a sh– about the problems of whiny rich people?” executive producer Alec Berg said. “I think you have to be careful how much success you give them. When it becomes rich people problems in an unpleasing way, then you’ve made a mistake.”Judge and Berg also figured out a way to give Pied Piper some office space (see what we did there?) without turning into a different show.“We were also worried about it settling into some kind of office comedy,” Judge said. “That feels like a lot of what’s already been done. Somehow this season, getting 50 employees doesn’t feel like a typical office comedy to me.”During the panel, the creators addressed the elephant in the room. T.J. Miller left Silicon Valley before a woman alleged Miller sexually assaulted and physically abused her. Miller denied the accusations.   The cast and creators previously spoke in depth with The Hollywood Reporter about Miller’s behavior on the set. Season 5 picks up with Erlich Bachman (Miller) still missing, having never returned from an opium den in Tibet.This was not the show’s first experience losing a cast member, Berg reminded the audience. Christopher Evan Welch died before completing season 1.“We had dealt with the idea we have this central character that we were not going to have on the show anymore,” Berg said. “We knew this is a surmountable challenge. It’s not going to be fun. It’s going to be difficult.”Miller left the show voluntarily, but Berg said it had already become difficult to write Erlich story lines, since he was only a passive investor in Pied Piper and the gang’s landlord.“This season, they move into offices, and we’re doing less and less scenes in the house,” Berg said. “It was at a point where it was going to be really hard to figure out an organic way to get the Ehrlich character into the show anyway. From that standpoint it was time. T.J., for a number of reasons, just decided that his time had come and gone and he wanted to move on.”The creators also addressed criticism that there were not enough women on the show. Amanda Crew was the only female cast member on the panel, though Suzanne Cryer remains a recurring actor too. Judge and Berg reiterated comments they had made to THR about the predominantly male culture of the real Silicon Valley.“I don’t think it’s good to pretend that there’s not a gender gap there and pretend it’s not happening,” Judge said. “You want to make fun of it and that’s what we do.”Berg reiterated the show’s satirical mandate.“We’re a satire,” Berg said. “At a certain point, the job is to hold up a mirror to a real thing and say this is what it is.”For example, in season&nbsp;1&nbsp;Silicon Valley filmed scenes at the real TechCrunch Disrupt event. It turned out all of their footage was mostly men.Berg recalled, “A friend of mine who works in tech called me and she said, ‘I gotta tell you, you completely whiffed it on that TechCrunch Disrupt thing. You didn’t put any women in that.’ I said, ‘You know the shots that we used of TechCrunch Disrupt are real shots of the real TechCrunch Disrupt. Who do you think actually whiffed it?’”Crew appreciates getting to play the character of a businesswoman who works with the Pied Piper men and is not romantically involved with any of them. That is a landmark in television, if not in the real Silicon Valley.“They have created a character who is not serving as a love interest or the eye candy,” Crew said. “It may be the first part I’ve ever done that that hasn’t been an element of it. Most female roles are written with at least some sort of male story line or ‘she’s hot’ or ‘sexy.’”Yet Judge joked this is not the first show he’s made about a male-dominated industry.“I did 13 seasons of King of the Hill,” Judge said. “In 13 years, nobody in those whole 13 years ever complained there weren’t enough women in propane.”Silicon Valley couldn’t make up some of the technology that now exists in 2018. Some of it is frightening. Berg recalled one developer who created an app that predicted the user’s wants and needs based on accumulated data.“This guy, with no awareness of how he was saying it said, ‘Our hope is that within the next two years if you use this app, you will never have to make another decision again,’” Berg shared, aghast.Google now knows what you need before you do, and it’s not just predictive text.“I heard someone said Google knows your pregnant before you know you’re pregnant,” Nanjiani said. “From searches, they can tell this person’s going to need diapers in nine months.”Technology is a safety hazard too.“Pedestrian deaths are skyrocketing because idiots are on their phones instead of watching when cars are coming,” Berg said.Maybe it’s safer to stay home and watch Silicon Valley. In the past, Judge suggested season 6 would be the final season. Now he’s changing his tune, in front of thousands of PaleyFest fans.“Looking at these episodes, it kind of takes on a new life, kind of a second wind,” Judge said. “I think it could go on for a while. You never know.”Silicon Valley returns Sunday, March 25 on HBO.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Studios, Tomatazos, books, Comedy, Emmy, 2015, Prime, tv, lord, King","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"mike-judge-might-bring-back-king-of-the-hill-with-an-older-bobby-and-do-another-beavis-and-butt-head-movie"},{"id":"47509033297884","title":"Video: Blake Lively Will Take the Shirt Off Your Back","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Blake Lively Will Take the Shirt Off Your Backby RT Staff | June 24, 2016 |  CommentsMark Seman&nbsp;had gifts for&nbsp;Blake Lively&nbsp;from&nbsp;The Shallows, but Blake wanted more, including the shirt off his back! &nbsp;Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"America, Month, FX, Association","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/24143016/Blake-Lively-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-blake-lively-will-take-the-shirt-off-your-back"},{"id":"47509064369373","title":"Video: Don’t Lend Zac Efron Your Tools","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Don't Lend Zac Efron Your Toolsby Grae Drake | May 8, 2014 |  CommentsSeth Rogen, Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Rose Byrne, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and Jerrod Carmichael star in Neighbors, directed by Nick Stoller. Together they solve some of the world’s most perplexing questions, like why Seth Rogen can’t keep his clothes on.&nbsp;&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"cancelled, movies, cats, Access, supernatural, Columbia, on, history, Awards, Funimation, Mindy, Plus","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-dont-lend-zac-efron-your-tools"},{"id":"47617752248790","title":"Critical Consensus: Brotherly Love, A Not So Great “Raid,” A Skeletal “Key,” and Schneider’s Latest","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"australia","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"critical-consensus-brotherly-love-a-not-so-great-“raid”-a-skeletal-“key”-and-schneider’s-latest"},{"id":"47508831163557","title":"Robert Englund’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Robert Englund's Five Favorite FilmsThe Prominent Horror Actors' Favorite Films May Shock Youby Kerr Lordygan | October 30, 2015 |  Comments(Photo by Getty Images / Frazer Harrison)&nbsp;It’s Halloween time, and some might expect Mr. Freddy Krueger himself,&nbsp;Robert Englund, to rattle off some gruesome examples of blood-tastic horror when asked about his favorite films. And though he is promoting the slaughter-fest horror comedy (horredy?),&nbsp;The Funhouse Massacre, which&nbsp;opens Nov. 13, Englund delivered real shock with a list of film classics that helped to groom an impressionable young man into the actor known today as one of horror’s most notable icons.With the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise under his belt, Englund&nbsp;has also starred in and made cameos in such other horror/sci-fi fan faves as Strangeland, Fear Clinic, The Last Showing, Never Too Young to Die, The Phantom of the Opera (1989), Wishmaster, Dead and Buried, and Urban Legend. Here is his list of five non-horror favorites:1900 (Novecento) (1977)  58%Bernardo Bertolucci’s 1900 is one of my favorites. It’s epic — when I saw it at a film festival, they literally had an intermission where they served pasta and red wine. It was wonderful. It’s a thin, handsome Gérard Depardieu&nbsp;in the prime of his youth, and Robert De Niro doing a great aging character, the rich boy. Depardieu [as] the poor boy. Probably one of the greatest entrances in the history of cinema for the beautiful actress Dominique Sanda. And Bertolucci uses this town, this little village — and you see it go from the turn of the century to WWII, and it changes with the seasons, and the time. And one of the best villains ever, Donald Sutherland, as this sort of grand guignol, a fascista, brown shirt — you know, black shirt — that is corrupted by the Mussolini movement in Italy. And he just completely surprises you with his performance. It’s really wonderful and kinky, and strange and beautiful. And the music is extraordinary. Yeah, it’s really a great film — a long movie, but a great movie — and it really left an indelible stamp on my brain. All these movies in my top five are what I call “desert island” movies. These are films that I can see again and again, and they have sequences or images in them, or they’ve left such a film memory in my imagination — such a stamp on my memory and imagination — that I can see them again and again.Anatomy of a Murder (1959)  100%My number two&nbsp;movie is Otto Preminger’s Anatomy of Murder&nbsp;starring Jimmy Stewart — one of my favorite James Stewart performances. &nbsp;He’s the country lawyer, so all those folksy tricks that Jimmy Stewart uses just really come into play here– ’cause he’s also so bright, you know? He’s the brilliant, folksy country lawyer. And Lee Remick is in it, in the flower of her youth. Bra-less and in Ray-Bans — you know, who doesn’t want [to see] that? And gosh, Ben Gazzara in a really neurotic, strange performance. I think it’s the screen debut of George C. Scott as the young lawyer from Lansing, MI,&nbsp;who takes on this case; and he’s — it’s just brilliant courtroom stuff. Murray Hamilton — who plays the mayor in Steven Spielberg’s Jaws — he’s the bartender, and he’s wonderful; it’s a great turn. &nbsp;And the music: Duke Ellington and Ella Fitzgerald, so it’s a great jazz score. The Jimmy Stewart character tinkles on the ivories and he plays a little bit of jazz sometimes as a kind of hobby, so that justifies the score. But that’s a great film — black and white, beautifully shot, underrated. Almost a perfect film.&nbsp;Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977)  94%And my third favorite is Steven Spielberg’s Close Encounters of the Third Kind.&nbsp;And I prefer the kind of dark cut — where the family is a little bit more “damned.” Richard Dreyfuss’ family — they’re a little bit more nagging, and it’s almost like they’re stepping on his dream and vision. They sort of become representative of a kind of bourgeois middle class America that doesn’t have any imagination and perhaps is even a little bit materialistic. It’s great. And in this one, I think it’s hinted that Dreyfuss and Melinda Dillon do get together. I just love it. I love Close Encounters –– it’s magical.&nbsp;RT: Do you find that the&nbsp;cut you’re referencing is a much different experience then?I just don’t know, Kerr, if it’s the director’s cut or if there was a bootleg dark cut, or if there was a release of another cut that had maybe been the director’s cut— but it’s just a little darker. There comes a point where — I remember the first time I saw it — you kind of think Richard Dreyfuss is crazy, and embarrassing his family a little bit. And you kind of go down that road. But in the other one I saw, we know what he’s gone through and we sort of want to champion him a little more. We don’t think he’s going crazy as we think he’s had a vision. And that the family is holding him back a little more. Also,&nbsp;I think the military is indicted a little more in that one, too. But I’m not sure if it’s the director’s cut. I mean, I’m hoping that it is, but I’m not sure. I’ve worked several times with Tobe Hooper, and Tobe directed Poltergeist.&nbsp;Everybody called it a Spielberg movie, but you know it’s a Tobe movie because he’s got marijuana smoking parents in it. Jo Beth Williams and Craig T. Nelson — they’re smoking dope in bed, and nobody had ever done that before in the history of movies, and they’re a middle class family. So you know, that’s obviously Spielberg opening his heart and his mind to that interpretation. Spielberg could do that. Spielberg does have that dark side, but he doesn’t always show it. &nbsp;Anyway, I love Close Encounters, and I can see it again and again. There’s just magical, magical stuff in it.Funny Face (1957)  87%My fourth favorite movie — I think every top five list has to have an Audrey Hepburn movie in it.&nbsp;Probably the greatest face of the 20th century, if not Sophia Loren and perhaps Monroe. Maybe Ingrid Bergman. But certainly she changed everything for the waif look, and the modern woman, and the non-buxom bosomy girl; and also always played smart. But this movie — I know I sound like a chorus boy here but, Funny Face&nbsp;is just… the choreography, the split-screen work, Kay Thompson, my God. Just try to stare at Audrey Hepburn dancing in her wedding attire and stepping onto a raft into an idyllic French stream with swans floating around. &nbsp;And perfect choreography and synchronization with the camera. And the swooping crane shots and the music. It’s just a wonderful, wonderful film. And smart and funny — and beatniks in Paris, and fashion, and color, and, yeah, I just really love the film. Ahead of it’s time.East of Eden (1955)  85%I also love Elia Kazan and it was a toss up for me between On the Waterfront,&nbsp;which I saw as a child, and East of Eden,&nbsp;which I saw as a young kid, and also rediscovered as an adult. But I do remember more recently a beautiful print that was struck — maybe by UCLA archives, maybe by AFI; I’m not sure who —&nbsp;and they had a&nbsp;screening of it at a theater that’s the longer one there in Century City, beautiful theater. At one time I think it was the state of the art theater in the country, with the first reclining seats and all that. They had [screened it] somehow, in conjunction with the LA city school system and the English department of LA city schools. And I believe that the matinee that I saw was predominantly schools… And the kids have to read East of Eden or Steinbeck, Travels with Charley or something in school, and you could tell this was going to be their Steinbeck assignment, so it was a field trip. But this…&nbsp;wasn’t a movie for young people, and I was a little worried that the noise, the kicking of the seats, and the high jinx that were prevailing in the auditorium before the lights went down would keep going. &nbsp;And I remember about five&nbsp;minutes into the film there’s a shot of James Dean hopping a freight — he jumps this train, near Monterey and he goes to Salinas, or vice versa — he hops the train and is on his way to Monterey to visit his mother, to find his mother in a brothel. And it’s cold, it’s evening — he pulls his little sweater over his head like a hoodie and he bundles up almost in a fetal position on the top of this train, snaking it’s way through the country side in Monterey county. And the entire audience shut up and you could hear a pin drop.It was the power of a true movie star. It was the first American teenager, James Dean, on the screen. And it didn’t matter that it was a predominantly… junior high school to high school kids — they got it. They got his angst, they got his beauty, they got his rebellion, all in literally 30 seconds’ worth of him exuding teen angst in the film and it was just this great moment. It reminded me of the power of stardom, of light and shadow on the screen, of a Greta Garbo, of a great screen kiss between — God rest her soul — the late Maureen O’Hara and John Wayne in The Quiet Man, or John Travolta strutting down the sidewalk in Saturday Night Fever— it’s just this great thing. And I love that movie anyway. There’s sequences and scenes in that movie, and James Dean, his grace in that movie — I think his movement in that movie is only matched by one or two Lee Marvin performances, and maybe one or two Sean Connery performances that I’ve seen in terms of just male&nbsp;physical grace. Really a great film, and I had to put Kazan on my list. So Kazan would be my number five for East of Eden starring James Dean.&nbsp;Kerr Lordygan&nbsp;for Rotten Tomatoes:&nbsp;The Funhouse Massacre is really good fun.Robert Englund: I haven’t seen all of The&nbsp;Funhouse Massacre.&nbsp;I’ve only seen my scenes because I had to do some dubbing on them — the beginning. It was tricky for me because the script of Funhouse Massacre was this great pun, this great manipulation of, you know, the funhouse, grindhouse horror — and then mashed up with this, “What if the real guys in a haunted Halloween house were replaced with the real guys?” Really over the top. But I think it’s Jere Burns — wonderful actor, I think it’s really going to be his movie. I’m more of an extended cameo actually, but yeah, [special makeup effects supervisor] Robert Kurtzman told me it’s a lot of fun. &nbsp;So I hope you have a good time with it.&nbsp;The Funhouse Massacre&nbsp;opens Friday, Nov. 13&nbsp;in limited release.En español: Read this article in Spanish at Tomatazos.com.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Super, National, AMC, Paramount, women, archives, Peacock","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/29160619/englund-rep.jpg","slug":"robert-englunds-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508906105705","title":"Take Your Kids to Moana, and Make Sure They Know Bad Santa 2 Isn’t For Them","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Take Your Kids to Moana, and Make Sure They Know Bad Santa 2 Isn't For Themby Christy Lemire | November 23, 2016 |  CommentsDisney’s latest animated treat, Moana, is clearly intended for young audiences and family viewing. But your little ones — and young teens — may be curious about the raunchy Billy Bob Thornton holiday comedy, due to its colorful advertising. Just in case they do, Christy reaffirms that this is a bad idea.&nbsp;Read on for details.NEW IN THEATERS&nbsp;Moana (2016)  95%Rating: PG, for peril, some scary images and brief thematic elements.The latest musical extravaganza from Walt Disney Animation Studios is a great choice for the whole family this holiday weekend with dazzling visuals, great performances, and an entertaining soundtrack of original tunes. Newcomer Auli’I Cravalho lends her voice to the title character, a Polynesian teen who’s next in line to lead her tribe. But she has dreams of leaving the island and traveling the high seas, despite her parents’ wishes for her to stay put. She teams up with the demigod Maui (Dwayne Johnson) to return a magical stone to its rightful place, but the two encounter a series of obstacles and foes along the way. The vast majority of Moana&nbsp;is upbeat and delightful. Some of the villains are downright adorable, including an armada of pirate coconuts with mean, painted faces. But the ultimate enemy is a giant lava monster that rages and hurls fire balls at anyone who comes near. It’s dark and hulking and may be too scary for the littlest viewers. Moana also must deal with the death of a beloved relative, but it’s handled gracefully. But there’s so much here that’s worthwhile for boys and girls alike. Moana&nbsp;is about a strong, curvy girl who’s assertive and independent but also kind and loyal. She puts herself in danger for the well being of her people and, in the process, finds her voice and the confidence to serve as a leader. It’s a must-see.Bad Santa 2 (2016)  24%Rating:&nbsp;R, for crude sexual content and language throughout, and some graphic nudity.I know, you’re probably thinking: “Why would I even consider taking my kids to Bad Santa 2? It’s the sequel to Bad Santa. I’m no fool.” No, you’re not. But you may have kids who see ads for this Christmas comedy and are curious about it. You may even have older teens who’ve seen some R-rated movies and think they’re ready for this. Well, here’s what they’re in for: non-stop language, raunchy humor, crass sexual talk, graphic sexual situations, some serious nudity, and drinking and smoking throughout. Plus: It’s just not all that funny. Thirteen years after Bad Santa, Billy Bob Thornton is back as the title character. This time, he gets roped into robbing a Chicago charity by his former elf sidekick (Tony Cox) on Christmas Eve. In the process, he’s forced to reunite with his abusive, neglectful mother (Kathy Bates), who’s also in on the job. It strains desperately to be inappropriate and the jokes just fall flat. Avoid, regardless of your age.NEW ON DVD&nbsp;Kubo and the Two Strings (2016)  97%Rating: PG, for thematic elements, scary images, action and peril.Kids around 7 or 8 and older will be fine watching the latest exquisitely twisted offering from the Laika animation house. But regardless of your age, you’ll be in awe of this jaw-droppingly beautiful hero’s journey. Young Kubo (voiced by Art Parkinson) is a boy with the magical ability to bring his vibrant origami creatures to life through music. But he also must face a great deal of darkness, including functioning as the parent to his depressed mother, a witch warrior. With the help of a monkey named Monkey (Charlize Theron) and a beetle named Beetle (Matthew McConaughey), he goes on a quest to find three crucial pieces of armor that belonged to his late father, a valiant samurai. As with Laika’s previous films, including Coraline&nbsp;and The Boxtrolls, Kubo&nbsp;features some inspired and dazzling visuals – it was created through painstaking stop-motion animation — but it also has some ideas and images that are downright unsettling. Kubo is in constant danger from the first moment we see him. When he was a baby, his grandfather plucked out his left eye in a vengeful rage, requiring the boy to wear an eye patch. Among the challenges Kubo must face is a sea full of giant, hypnotic eyeballs. And Kubo’s evil twin aunts (both voiced by Rooney Mara), who’ve come to collect his other eye, might be the most frightening of all. Dressed in black with Japanese Noh masks, they hover above the ground calling his name in eerie tones. (This is the one sight that truly scared my son, who was not quite 7 when I brought him to a screening; it freaked me out, too.) But there’s also a great deal of wonder and magic here. The details and colors are gorgeous, the action scenes are lively and there’s some amusing interplay between Monkey and Beetle. And Kubo’s bravery and resourcefulness should appeal to young viewers.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"Lifetime, of, Certified","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/23111731/Moana-PG.jpg","slug":"take-your-kids-to-moana-and-make-sure-they-know-bad-santa-2-isnt-for-them"},{"id":"47508750002566","title":"War for the Planet of the Apes Is Certified Fresh","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})War for the Planet of the Apes Is Certified FreshPlus, Wish Upon is schlocky horror, and Certified Fresh The Big Sick expands to wide release.by Jeff Giles | July 13, 2017 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies, we&nbsp;have Woody Harrelson&nbsp;and some angry primates&nbsp;(War for the Planet of the Apes, starring&nbsp;Andy Serkis), a cautionary tale about mysterious artifacts&nbsp;(Wish Upon, starring&nbsp;Joey King&nbsp;and&nbsp;Ryan Phillippe), and a rom-com inspired by real-life events (The Big Sick, starring&nbsp;Kumail Nanjiani&nbsp;and&nbsp;Zoey Kazan). What&nbsp;are the critics saying?War for the Planet of the Apes (2017)  94%By the time most franchises reach their third installments, the laws of diminishing returns have definitely started setting in — and while there isn’t exactly a large sample size to work from, it seems safe to say that rule is probably even more applicable to film series about talking simians. All of which is to say that this weekend’s War for the Planet of the Apes&nbsp;is a delightful surprise: with the third chapter in the rebooted Apes&nbsp;franchise, director/co-writer Matt Reeves delivers a film that not only lives up to the lofty standard set by its two immediate predecessors, it manages to round out the trilogy with a suitably epic installment that’s narratively hard-hitting and visually thrilling. With Andy Serkis’ Caesar heading up his band of mo-capped apes against a human army led by the ruthless Colonel (Woody Harrelson) — and the future of the planet in the balance — the stakes for this era of the franchise have never been higher, and critics say the end results definitely don’t disappoint. Whatever happens with subsequent installments, one thing is clear: Reeves has set the bar incredibly high, and in this War, the audience wins.Wish Upon (2017)  19%Careful what you wish for: it’s a maxim old as time, but it’s still a fairly sturdy premise for a horror movie about a sad teen (Joey King) given a music box that bestows upon her the ability to make her deepest desires reality. With relatable characters, a few twists, and a generous helping of jump scares, this weekend’s Wish Upon&nbsp;could have been a perfectly trashy summer horror diversion; alas, critics say its lack of originality is compounded by a near-total absence of truly frightening moments. On the bright side, a number of reviews suggest Wish Upon&nbsp;is destined to become an ironic late-night favorite for fans of so-bad-it’s-good cinema — but even if you fit that description, you’ll probably want to wait until it shows up on home video.The Big Sick (2017)  98%When was the last time you watched a romantic comedy that felt like it took place in the real world? The much-maligned genre is full of movies that prize formula over common sense, but The Big Sick proves there’s still room for delightful exceptions. Written by Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani (and based on the couple’s real-life courtship), Sick stars Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan as Kumail and Emily, a couple of crazy kids whose budding love affair is threatened by cultural complications — which take a sudden back seat to Emily’s health when she falls victim to a mysterious illness and is placed in a medically induced coma. Rounded out by a series of supporting turns from a talented ensemble cast that includes Holly Hunter and Ray Romano as Emily’s parents, it’s the rare rom-com that’s earned almost universal critical praise; whether you’re in the mood for a good love story or just want to watch a movie that’ll make you laugh, cry, and think, the pundits say The Big Sick&nbsp;ranks among 2017’s best movies.What’s New on TVThe Defiant Ones: Miniseries (2017)  100%The Defiant Ones is a compelling, comprehensive portrait of two visionaries that illuminates both their colorful pasts and their historic influence on the music industry.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Chasing Coral (2017) ,&nbsp;a documentary about the environmental challenges faced by the world’s coral reefs — and the potentially devastating impact of their absence — is at 100 percent. Endless Poetry (Poesía Sin Fin) (2017) ,&nbsp;the latest from writer-director&nbsp;Alejandro Jodorowsky, is at 96 percent. Swallows and Amazons (2017) ,&nbsp;a new adaptation of the Arthur Ransome novel about the wilderness adventures of four siblings, is at 93 percent. Lady Macbeth (2017) , a period drama about a young bride (Florence Pugh) whose marital confinement takes some dark turns, is Certified Fresh at 89 percent. Man Underground (2017) ,&nbsp;about the increasingly strange goings-on that ensue after a conspiracy theorist convinces two acquaintances to help him make a movie about his life, is at 88 percent. Almost Sunrise (2017) ,&nbsp;a documentary about war veterans on a unique journey to deal with the lingering emotional effects of combat, is at 83 percent. To the Bone (2017) , starring Lily Collins as a woman who enters a group home in order to try and control her anorexia, is at 81 percent. Footnotes (Sur quel pied danser) (2017) , a musical comedy about a woman’s efforts to stay financially afloat in the French job market, is at 71 percent. The Persian Connection (2017) ,&nbsp;about an Iranian man whose past as a child soldier draws him into a life of crime in Los Angeles, is at 57 percent. Bronx Gothic (2017) , a look at the life and work of writer and stage performer Okwui Okpokwasili, is at 50 percent. Blind (2017) ,&nbsp;starring&nbsp;Demi Moore&nbsp;as a woman who falls into an affair with a blind widower (Alec Baldwin), is at zero percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Moore","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/13151626/War-for-Planet-Apes-CC.jpg","slug":"war-for-the-planet-of-the-apes-is-certified-fresh"},{"id":"47509025326995","title":"Video: James McAvoy Reveals His Favorite Role in Split, and Anya Taylor-Joy Has a Business Pitch for M. Night Shyamalan","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: James McAvoy Reveals His Favorite Role in Split, and Anya Taylor-Joy Has a Business Pitch for M. Night Shyamalanby RT Staff | January 18, 2017 |  CommentsMark Seman talks to the cast and director of the upcoming thriller Split to find out which one of the 24 roles played by James McAvoy is his favorite, and which movie inspired M. Night Shyamalan the most. Also, Anya Taylor-Joy reminisces about terrible parties she’s been to, and reveals what “M” stands for in “M. Night Shyamalan”.Split opens wide this Friday, January 20th.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"reviews","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/17193026/Split-Rep.jpg","slug":"video-split"},{"id":"47508774913655","title":"Critics Consensus: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 Is a Decent Send-Off","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 Is a Decent Send-OffPlus, Lincoln and Silver Linings Playbook Are Certified Freshby Tim Ryan | November 16, 2012 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a vampire showdown (The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2, starring Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson) and an embattled president (Steven Spielberg‘s Lincoln starring Daniel Day-Lewis). What do the critics have to say?The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 49%There’s no middle ground on the Twilight series: either you’re enraptured by the tale of Bella Swan and her supernatural paramours, or you’re mystified by its appeal. For what it’s worth, critics say The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best entry in the franchise, with a rousing climax that goes a long way toward redeeming a sluggish first half. Bella (Kristen Stewart) is adjusting to her new life as both a mother and a vampire. But when malevolent Volturi go after their child, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen round up a crew of sympathetic vampires and werewolves to stand with their family. The pundits say Breaking Dawn Part 2 is still melodramatic and poorly paced, but the performances are strong and the finale should satisfy Twihards. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down Stewart’s best-reviewed movies, as well as our interviews with the stars of Breaking Dawn Part 2 and our Twilight watching series.)Lincoln 89%Abraham Lincoln’s greatness as a president is never questioned these days, though his iconic image (the beard, the top hat, the gaunt frame) is so ubiquitous as a patriotic symbol that it can sometimes obscure his words and deeds. Critics say Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln is a terrific corrective, thanks in large part to Daniel Day-Lewis’ towering performance as the Great Emancipator. Lincoln follows the 16th president’s political maneuverings during the dark days of the Civil War as he attempts to preserve the Union and abolish slavery. The critics say the Certified Fresh Lincoln is a marvelously acted, deftly observed drama that manages to make the inner workings of legislature endlessly fascinating.Also opening this week in limited release:Funeral Kings, a comedy about a trio of troublemaking altar boys, is at 100 percent.Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God, a documentary about sexual abuse within the Catholic Church, is at 94 percent.Silver Linings Playbook, starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence a romantic comedy about a down-on-his-luck guy who gets an unexpected boost from a mysterious young woman, is Certified Fresh at 87 percent.The Law In These Parts, a documentary about Israel’s legal code as it pertains to the occupied territories, is at 71 percent.Barrymore, starring Christopher Plummer as the legendary actor reflecting on his life and career, is at 67 percent.Anna Karenina, starring Keira Knightley and Jude Law in an adaptation of Leo Tolstoy’s classic novel, is at 67 percent.Price Check, starring Parker Posey in a comedy about the high-strung supervisor of a struggling supermarket, is at 64 percent.Hitler’s Children, a doc about the descendants of notorious Nazis, is at 60 percent.Buffalo Girls, a doc about a pair of eight-year-old girls who compete in Thailand’s underground boxing circuit, is at 50 percent","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"dark, james, Crackle, Critics, The, free, concert, Vudu, reboot, TV, Awards, impossible, Channel","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-The-Twilight-Saga-Breaking-Dawn-Part-2-Is-a-Decent-Send-Off"},{"id":"47509154230338","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Spider-Man 3 Demolishes Records in Historic Debut","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Spider-Man 3 Demolishes Records in Historic Debutby Gitesh Pandya | May 6, 2007 |  CommentsIn the most lopsided box office victory in history, the hugely anticipated super sequel \"Spider-Man 3\" swung into theaters and monopolized the marketplace breaking the all-time records for both opening day and opening weekend in the process.Sony unleashed its summer behemoth worldwide and also shattered the record for the biggest global debut ever as it conquered the box office in over 100 countries. The summer movie season could not have asked for a better way to begin.Following a tidal wave of hype, \"Spider-Man 3\" exploded on the scene and grossed an eye-popping $148M during its opening weekend in North America, according to estimates, breaking the previous record of $135.6M set last summer by \"Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest.\" The super hero flick opened in 4,252 theaters (also a record) and averaged a staggering $34,807 for Sony. The smash hit also set a new Imax record with $4.8M from those large-format engagements beating 300’s old mark set two months ago by 33%. Imax presentations, despite their higher ticket prices, were reportedly sold out from coast to coast.Overseas, \"Spider-Man 3\" began its global assault on Tuesday May 1 in several key nations in Asia and Europe and has since grossed a mammoth $227M from 105 international territories putting its worldwide cume at a gargantuan $375M in a mere six days. In less than one week around the world, \"SM3\" has already reached nearly half of the total global gross of \"Spider-Man 2\" which hauled in $784M in 2004.Domestically, the new webslinger adventure kicked things off on Friday with a record $59.3M in its first day beating the former record \"Chest\" set with $55.8M. Both figures included shows beginning at midnight on Thursday night. \"Spidey\" dropped 14% on Saturday to $51M and the studio estimated that Sunday sales will fall by only 26% to $37.7M. Final figures will be released on Monday after Sunday sales are tabulated. According to Sony research, the opening weekend audience skewed towards young men as expected. Males made up 54% of the crowd while 63% were under the age of 25.\"Spider-Man 3\" reunited director Sam Raimi with his key actors Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, and James Franco. Joining the cast were Topher Grace, Thomas Haden Church, and Bryce Dallas Howard. Critics had mixed feelings with many calling it the worst of the series. Part \"3\" scored a 62% Fresh rating on RottenTomatoes.com compared to 90% for the first \"Spidey\" flick and 93% for the second installment. Moviegoers, however, did not care as they showed up anyway in unprecedented numbers proving that \"SM3\" was indeed a critic-proof blockbuster. The film’s long-term success will rely more on word-of-mouth from fans, rather than a thumbs up or down from reviewers. Users of Yahoo! Movies have given it a mild B grade from over 17,000 votes which could mean that fans are not exactly ecstatic.\"Spider-Man 3\" carries a reported production cost of $258M, although many industry watchers believe it to be much higher. Despite its sky high budget, the PG-13 film has enjoyed such a strong start that it has a good chance of surging past the $822M worldwide gross of the first \"Spider-Man\" and could even approach the $1 billion mark. Buzz from fans will of course be a major factor in helping the Venom pic spread.Competition, or a lack of it, was a key contributor to the record opening. There were absolutely no other films that energized audiences as every wide release failed to reach an average of even $2,000. That allowed the newest \"Spider-Man\" pic to account for a jaw-dropping 80% of the entire box office pie and dominate the marketplace with ease. Led almost exclusively by Peter Parker and friends, the top ten powered its way to an incredible $174M — its highest level since the \"Pirates\" sequel bowed last summer. It was an astonishing reversal from the previous weekend when the box office slumped to a seven-month low.With nothing else worthy to program, multiplexes had no problem opening up screens. Sony did not report its official screen count but industry insiders note that it was over 10,000. By comparison, screen counts for previous blockbuster openers were 9,400 for \"Star Wars Episode III,\" 8,500 for \"Dead Man’s Chest,\" and 7,500 for the first \"Spider-Man\" which opened five years ago this same weekend and also broke the all-time opening weekend record. The extra screens for the new film allowed Sony to absorb all demand right away and leave almost nothing on the table.Next weekend, \"Spider-Man 3\" will have little to worry about as nothing huge is opening, but the week after that is when \"Shrek the Third\" launches, followed seven days later by \"Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End\" over the lucrative Memorial Day holiday frame. Peter Parker will grasp tightly onto his records for now since Captain Jack Sparrow would like nothing more than to swipe them once again.A few moviegoers did in fact choose to see other films this weekend in auditoriums which offered plenty of space. Three-time chart-topper \"Disturbia\" was bumped to the number two spot, but held up well considering the new competition. The Paramount thriller dropped by only 37% to an estimated $5.7M and boosted its 24-day cume to $59.9M, or about what Spidey did in its first day. New Line’s courthouse thriller \"Fracture\" followed with an estimated $3.4M in its third weekend, down 50%, and lifted its sum to $26.5M.The teen horror flick \"The Invisible\" ranked fourth and tumbled 60% in its sophomore frame to an estimated $3.1M. Buena Vista has scared up $12.3M in ten days and looks headed for a $16-18M finish. Nicolas Cage suffered the worst drop in the top ten as his latest action film \"Next\" crashed 61% and took in an estimated $2.8M this weekend. With a poor ten-day tally of $11.8M, Paramount will sputter to a horrendous $14-16M for the pricey star vehicle.The much-delayed poker drama \"Lucky You\" had the unlucky fortune of opening against \"Spider-Man 3\" and suffered an embarrassing debut as it failed to average even $1,000. The Curtis Hanson-directed pic bowed to an estimated $2.5M from 2,525 locations for a dismal $996 average. The Warner Bros. release starring Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore met with bad marks from critics and total apathy from ticket buyers.3D toon \"Meet the Robinsons\" fell 49% to seventh with an estimated $2.5M in its sixth frame for an impressive cume of $91.8M. Also in its sixth weekend, fellow spring hit \"Blades of Glory\" collected an estimated $2.3M, down 55%, giving Paramount $111.6M to date.The action-comedy \"Hot Fuzz\" tumbled 58% in its third weekend to an estimated $2.1M. Focus has grossed $16.1M thus far. Rounding out the top ten was Sony’s \"Are We Done Yet?\" which dropped 51% to an estimated $1.7M leading to a total of $46.1M.A pair of well-reviewed arthouse films aimed at adult women debuted to solid results in limited release as alternatives to the Spidey action. Fox Searchlight opened its Sundance acquisition \"Waitress\" to an estimated $91,000 from only four theaters in New York and Los Angeles averaging a potent $22,868 per location. The Keri Russell starrer directed by the late Adrienne Shelly will expand to 21 cities on Friday for a total of 62 theaters. Cume since the Wednesday launch is $111,000. The Alzheimer’s drama \"Away From Her\" from actress-turned-director Sarah Polley bowed to an estimated $56,000 from four locations for a sturdy $14,000 average for Lionsgate.A pair of underachievers fell out of the top ten this weekend. Sony’s motel terrorfest \"Vacancy\" dropped a steep 65% to an estimated $1.5M upping its cume to only $16.4M. The Lionsgate action pic \"The Condemned\" crumbled even further collapsing 72% in its second weekend to an estimated $1.1M for a weak ten-day sum of $6M. Final grosses should end up with disappointing totals of $19M and $7M, respectively.The top ten films soared to an estimated $174.1M which was up an astounding 85% from last year when \"Mission: Impossible III\" opened at number one with $47.7M; and up a staggering 129% from 2005 when \"Kingdom of Heaven\" debuted on top with just $19.6M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Mystery, Worst, Walt, Hulu, zombie, high, Emmy, The","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-SpiderMan-3-Demolishes-Records-in-Historic-Debut"},{"id":"47611836261502","title":"The 2020 Oscars’ Biggest Moments: Parasite Makes History, Joaquin Phoenix Pays Tribute to River, And… Eminem?","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The 2020 Oscars' Biggest Moments: Parasite Makes History, Joaquin Phoenix Pays Tribute to River, And... Eminem?Plus, Cynthia Erivo brings the house down as Kristen Wiig and Maya Rudolph make a strong case for the Academy to bring back hosts.by RT Staff | February 9, 2020 |  Comments(Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)Another year, another Academy Awards – but this was one we don’t think we’ll be getting over any time soon. The 92nd Academy Awards will go down in the history books, with Bong Joon-ho’s&nbsp;Parasite&nbsp;becoming the first ever foreign-language movie to win Best Picture. And while&nbsp;Parasite‘s four wins were definitely major highlights of the host-free ceremony – not just because of Joon-ho’s promises to get royally wasted after the event – they weren’t the only big moments in a&nbsp;night that was marked by some genuinely funny presenters, megastar wins, and a feeling that the right people and movies were winning in the right categories.Recommended:&nbsp;The Full List of 2020 Oscar Winners and NominationsRecommended:&nbsp;The 2020 Oscars Red Carpet GalleryRecommended:&nbsp;The 2020 Best Picture Nominees, Ranked by TomatometerRecommended:&nbsp;All the Winners of the Golden Tomato AwardsThe moments began before the ceremony itself, with Natalie Portman’s Dior cape making one of the few political statements of the night (with the exception of Brad Pitt’s first remarks upon accepting his award&nbsp;and Joaquin Phoenix’s speech, this was a fairly politics-lite Oscars).&nbsp;And&nbsp;then they kept&nbsp;coming thick and fast: incredible music performances, a superhero super team, and shock wins.Check out our pick of the best moments of the 92nd Academy Awards below, and let us know what you thought of the show in the comments below.&nbsp;Natalia Portman Makes A Statement With Her Cape Full of Female Directors(Photo by Steve Granitz/WireImage)“Those men” might have&nbsp;been the ones congratulated&nbsp;by Issa Rae&nbsp;when the Best Director contenders were announced on nominations morning, but it was&nbsp;a group of talented ladies that was&nbsp;celebrated in a very special way on the red carpet on Oscars night. Natalie Portman arrived wearing a Dior cape that was embroidered with the names of a number of female directors who were snubbed by the Academy. Among those honored in Portman’s gold stitching:&nbsp;The Farewell&nbsp;director Lulu Wang,&nbsp;Little Women&nbsp;director Greta Gerwig,&nbsp;Atlantics&nbsp;director Mati Diop,&nbsp;A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood&nbsp;director Marielle Heller, Portrait of a Lady On Fire&nbsp;director Céline Sciamma,&nbsp;and&nbsp;Honey Boy&nbsp;director Alma Har’el.Janelle Monáe Kicks Things Off With Mr. Rogers and Dancing DoppelgängersNo host doesn’t mean no killer opening musical number. The 2020 Oscars kicked off with Janelle Monáe –&nbsp;joined for a spell by Billy Porter –&nbsp;paying tribute to some of the year’s best films. Monáe entered the stage on a Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood-like set, pulled on a red cardigan, and sang “Won’t You Be My Neighbor?”, before transitioning to her hit “Come Alive (The War of the Roses)” surrounded by dancers dressed as the Joker, Queen and Slim, Midsommar cultists, and other characters from the year’s movies. Most awkward moment: Monáe trying to get audience members like Leo and Kathy Bates to sing into her mic. Best moments: The awesome finale and the sight of a family of Us doppelgängers dancing on the Oscars stage.Brad Pitt Tears Up As He Reflects On his Career, Accepting His Award for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood (2019)  85%Brad Pitt was a lock for Best Supporting Actor leading into the night: The only question was –&nbsp;after a string of delightful acceptance speeches during the season –&nbsp;what would he say when he won? Pitt delivered, and then some, with a heartfelt speech in which he dedicated his win to his kids, celebrated his Once Upon A Time In Hollywood director Quentin Tarantino (“one of a kind”), and paid tribute to his co-star, Leonardo DiCaprio, whom he hugged on his way to the stage. Reflecting on his own journey through the industry, from Thelma and Louise to now, Pitt told the room, “Once upon a time in Hollywood –&nbsp;ain’t that the truth.”Animated Short&nbsp;Hair Love&nbsp;Makes History as Director Matthew A. Cherry Salutes Kobe Bryant“Representation matters deeply, especially in cartoons,” said Hair Love producer Karen Rupert Toliver as she accepted the award for Best Short Film (Animated) and became the first Black woman ever to win an Oscar in any animation category. Toliver was joined on stage by writer, director, and producer of Hair Love, Matthew A. Cherry, who said he made the film to “normalize Black hair” and drew the crowd’s attention California’s CROWN Act, which would protect against discrimination based on hairstyling. Cherry, a former NFL player, dedicated the win to the late Kobe Bryant, saying, “May we all have a second act as great as his was.”Screenplay Surprises: Parasite (Gisaengchung) (2019)  98% and&nbsp;Jojo Rabbit (2019)  80% Win Big Against the Big GunsSome pundits –&nbsp;ahem, us – predicted these two wins, but safer money had Quentin Tarantino winning Best Original Screenplay for Once Upon A Time In Hollywood and Best Adapted Screenplay going to Greta Gerwig for Little Women. When Bong Joon-ho and Han Jin-won were announced as winners for Original Screenplay, the room erupted, with stars like Sandra Oh leaping to their feet to celebrate Parasite’s first win of the night. Joon-ho could barely contain his excitement, beaming as he stared at his award as if to say, “Is this really happening?”. Waititi dedicated his win to his mom –&nbsp;or, for Waititi, who signed off with the Maori greeting of “kia ora,” his mum –&nbsp;who introduced him to the book on which Jojo Rabbit was based, Caging Skies.MAYA RUDOLPH and Kristen Wiig Show Why They Should be the Next Oscar Hosts… Though Billie Eilish Might not AgreeBy far the best presenters of the evening –&nbsp;and let’s be honest, perhaps of any awards show we’ve seen lately –&nbsp;were Maya Rudolph and Kristen Wiig, who presented the awards for Production Design and Costume Design. They kicked things off with a bit in which they said they were too upset, too steamed, to carry out their duties, before revealing they were… acting! Why? To show the likes of Scorsese and Tarantino that they had the range to be cast in their films, of course: “We just wanted them to know we do more than comedy.” In their intro to the costume award, they then sang a medley of clothes-related tunes that ranged from “Vogue” and “Lady in Red” to Sisqo’s “Thong Song.” Hilarious. (The only person who wasn’t into it seemed to be singer Billie Eilish.)Laura Dern Wins First Oscar for&nbsp;Marriage Story (2019)  94% and Pays Tribute to Her ParentsIf it is hard to believe that three-time nominee Laura Dern hadn’t won an Oscar before tonight, it’s even harder to believe that she is now the first and only Oscar winner in her family –&nbsp;a family in which dad is Bruce Dern and mom is Diane Ladd. With an emotional Ladd watching on, Dern thanked the Academy for “the best birthday present ever” and saluted her mom and dad. “Some say never meet your heroes,” Dern said, “but I say if you’re really blessed, you get them as your parents.”Eminem Shows Up To Perform “Lose Yourself,” Because… Music?!(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)Following a fairly earnest montage tribute to the power of songs in film introduced by Lin-Manuel Miranda (who was himself introduced by Anthony Ramos), Eminem took the stage for a room-shaking –&nbsp;and heavily censored –&nbsp;performance of “Lose Yourself.” The song, featured in 8 Mile, won the Oscar for Best Original Song in 2003, making Eminem the first hip hop artist to win an Academy Award. Why exactly the song was performed tonight, though, remains something of a mystery. Still, the crowd got into it, with the likes of Kelly Marie Tran and Gal Gadot moving and mouthing along. The same could not be said for Martin Scorsese, who appeared to find the song a little, er, sleepy.Cynthia Erivo Takes the Dolby Theatre to ChurchNot much to say about this: Just watch&nbsp;and listen as Cynthia Erivo performs the Oscar-nominated “Stand Up” from Harriet.&nbsp;The performance was followed in the commercial break by a well-timed trailer for Genius: Aretha, the upcoming History event in which Erivo plays Aretha Franklin.The&nbsp;Cats&nbsp;Cast Shows They Have a Sense of HumorWearing two costumes that perhaps the filmmakers should have gone with for the actual film,&nbsp;Cats&nbsp;co-stars Rebel Wilson and James Corden presented the award for&nbsp;Best Visual Effects. “As cast members of the motion picture Cats,” said Wilson, “nobody more than us understands the importance of good visual effects.” You’ll remember that&nbsp;Cats&nbsp;went into theaters with its own effects unfinished.Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, and Ripley UniteGal Gadot, Brie Larson, and Sigourney Weaver had us dreaming of universe crossovers when they took the stage to introduce composer Eimear Nooneis, who led the orchestra as it played the snippets from Best Original Score nominees and in so doing became the first female to lead the orchestra in the Oscars’ history. The trio said they were going to start a Fight Club, and that men were invited, but Gadot warned: “The loser gets to answer questions from journalists about how it feels to be a woman in Hollywood.” Weaver added, “All women are superheroes.” Fittingly, Best Original Score went to Hildur Guðnadóttir for Joker, who became the third woman to win in the category.Joaquin Phoenix&nbsp;Gets His Oscar For&nbsp;Joker (2019)  68%, Quotes Brother River In Moving Talk of JusticeJoaquin Phoenix was quick to ask the crowd to “stop” as it rose to its feet after Olivia Colman – hilarious as ever in her intro – announced him as Best Actor for&nbsp;Joker. Phoenix was visibly moved by the honor, and took the opportunity on stage to talk about the unifying thread between so many political movements – whether fighting racism or gender inequality or fighting&nbsp;for&nbsp;queer, indigenous, or animal rights ,”we’re talking about the fight against injustice,” Phoenix said. He went on to talk about our responsibility to “all sentient beings and the environment” and finished his remarks, choking up a little, as he quoted a lyric written by his late brother River:&nbsp;“Run to the rescue with love and peace will follow.”Renée Zellweger’s Comeback Is Complete&nbsp;It was not the most surprising win of the night, but it was one of the most moving. Renée Zellweger accepted the award in tribute to the woman she plays in&nbsp;Judy: “Miss Garland… this is certainly for you.”Bong Joon-ho’s&nbsp;Parasite (Gisaengchung) (2019)  98% Sweeps the Night,&nbsp;Becomes First Foreign-Language Movie to Win Best PictureParasite&nbsp;made history as the first foreign-language film to ever win Best Picture at the Oscars, crowning the evening with the night’s biggest award having already taken out Best International Feature, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Director for Bong Joon-ho. When Joon-ho accepted South Korea’s first ever win –&nbsp;off its first nomination –&nbsp;for Best International Feature Film (formerly Best Foreign Language Film) earlier in the night, he called upon the cast and crew of&nbsp;Parasite&nbsp;to stand and for the crowd to applaud their work, saying he was proud to be the first recipient of the award under its new name. He finished that acceptance speech in English, saying, “I’m ready for a drink tonight,” and later, accepting the award for Best Director, said, “I will be drunk until next morning.”During that speech, Joon-ho paid tribute to his fellow directing nominees, with particular affection given to Martin Scorsese, whose films Joon-ho said he had studied and inspired his love for film.Thumbnail images courtesy Kevin Winter/Getty ImagesWhat were your biggest highlights of the night? Tell us in the comments.&nbsp;Are you as obsessed with awards as we are? Check out our Awards Leaderboard for 2019/2020.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Academy, PaleyFest, scorecard, Valentine's, history","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"the-2020-oscars-biggest-moments-parasite-makes-history-joaquin-phoenix-pays-tribute-to-river-and-eminem"},{"id":"47508772034128","title":"Critics Consensus: Kick-Ass 2 Misses the Target; Lee Daniels’ The Butler is Moving and Well-Acted","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Kick-Ass 2 Misses the Target; Lee Daniels' The Butler is Moving and Well-ActedPlus, Paranoia is a misfire, and Jobs fails to get inside its subject's head.by Tim Ryan | August 15, 2013 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got teenage superheroes (Kick-Ass 2, starring Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Chloe Grace Moretz); a White House domestic worker (Lee Daniels’ The Butler, starring Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey); corporate killers (Paranoia, starring Liam Hemsworth and Gary Oldman); and a tech titan (Jobs, starring Ashton Kutcher and Dermot Mulroney). What do the critics have to say?Kick-Ass 2 32%The first Kick-Ass was a canny mix of ultra-violence and dark humor that busted through taboos and earned an appreciative cult audience. But sequels are known for taking what once seemed fresh and making it stale, and critics say that while Kick-Ass 2 maintains the energy and bad taste of the original, it’s largely bereft of any saving wit or satirical ambitions. This time out, Kick-Ass (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) is being targeted by his old frenemy Red Mist (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), while Hit Girl (Chloe Grace Moretz) discovers that her high school classmates can be as ruthless as any supervillain. The pundits say the cast (particularly Moretz) is fine, but the trouble is that the film’s once- transgressive sense of humor now comes across as merely sadistic and unsavory. (Check out this week’s Total Recall, in which we count down co-star Jim Carrey’s best-reviewed movies, and check out our gallery of cinematic vigilantes.)Lee Daniels’ The Butler 72%Bringing history to life on screen is no small task, but it’s made considerably easier if you have a great cast at your disposal. Critics say Lee Daniels’ The Butler benefits from outstanding performances that lend gravitas to an earnest, ambitious look at a few decades’ worth of African American history. The film chronicles America’s social changes and political upheaval from the mid-1950s to the 1980s through the eyes of Cecil Gaines (Forest Whitaker), a butler whose employment in the White House spans eight presidential administrations. The pundits say Lee Daniels’ The Butler has moments of contrivance, but overall it’s a thoughtful and deeply affecting look at our tumultuous recent past.Paranoia 7%It’s got a cast of hot newcomers (Liam Hemsworth, Amber Heard) and reliable old pros (Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman) as well as a timely theme (corporate chicanery); unfortunately, what Paranoia lacks, say critics, is a believable script and a sense of tension. Liam Hemsworth stars as an ambitious tech firm employee who finds himself in a deadly world of intrigue after his boss (Oldman) tasks him with stealing a competitor’s cell phone prototype. The pundits say Paranoia mostly goes through the motions, failing to generate much interest in its predictable plotting and unsurprising twists. (Watch our video interviews with the stars of Paranoia here.)Jobs 28%Apple co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs was many things to many people; those who knew him described him as an innovator, a perfectionist, a wellspring of charisma, and a petty tyrant. Unfortunately, critics say Jobs spends too much time on the events in its subject’s life and not enough on the man in all his complexities. The movie follows Jobs (Ashton Kutcher) from the early days of Apple to the triumph of the iPod; the pundits say the script is mostly surface-level, following the biopic formula without bringing its fascinating central character to life.Also opening this week in limited release:Cutie And The Boxer, a documentary about the complex marriage of two accomplished Japanese painters, is at 96 percent.This Is Martin Bonner, a drama about a recently-divorced man who gets a job helping parolees readjust to society, is at 91 percent.Ain’t Them Bodies Saints, starring Rooney Mara and Casey Affleck in a drama about an imprisoned bank robber and the woman and child he left behind, is at 76 percent.The Patience Stone, a drama about a woman in an unnamed Middle Eastern country who shares a lifetime of pent-up frustrations with her badly injured husband, is at 71 percent.Austenland, starring Keri Russell and Bret McKenzie in a comedy about an obsessive Pride and Prejudice fan who finds romance at a Jane Austen-themed resort, is at 39 percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"saw, school, USA, SDCC, Chilling, name, Shondaland","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-Kick-Ass-2-Misses-the-Target-Lee-Daniels-The-Butler-is-Moving-and-Well-Acted"},{"id":"47509018184536","title":"Video: Marvel’s The Defenders Stars Reveal Team Nicknames","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Marvel's The Defenders Stars Reveal Team Nicknamesby Debbie Day | August 15, 2017 |  CommentsRotten Tomatoes caught up with Mike Colter, Finn Jones, Charlie Cox, and Krysten Ritter — otherwise known as Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Daredevil, and Jessica Jones, respectively. The stars of Marvel’s The Defenders on Netflix revealed their nicknames for each other — guess which one is sparkly!Marvel’s The Defenders&nbsp;debuts Friday, August 18 on Netflix.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"YouTube, Movies, Awards, Comedy, breaking, King, Games, football, thirty","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/15151500/the-defenders-junket-video-600x314.jpg","slug":"video-marvels-the-defenders-stars-reveal-team-nicknames"},{"id":"47614890315996","title":"Patrick Swayze Diagnosed with Pancreatic Cancer","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Patrick Swayze Diagnosed with Pancreatic CancerActor's agent partially confirms Enquirer story.by Jeff Giles | March 7, 2008 |  CommentsPatrick Swayze, star of such hit films as Dirty Dancing, Ghost, and Road House, has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.The story — which was broken, inexplicably, by the National Enquirer — initially reported that Swayze had five weeks to live, but according to a statement released by his agent, things aren’t quite as grim as previously believed:Patrick Swayze has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and is currently undergoing treatment. Patrick’s physician Dr. George Fisher states, ‘Patrick has a very limited amount of disease and he appears to be responding well to treatment thus far. All of the reports stating the timeframe of his prognosis and his physical side effects are absolutely untrue. We are considerably more optimistic.’ Patrick is continuing his normal schedule during this time, which includes working on upcoming projects. The outpouring of support and concern he has already received from the public is deeply appreciated by Patrick and his family.Survival rates for pancreatic cancer — which is diagnosed in approximately 33,000 Americans every year — are generally rather low, but if anyone can beat it, it’s the guy who played Dalton in Road House. Keep your fingers crossed for Mr. Swayze and his family.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"CW, Prime, die, harry, CBS, ratings, cinematic, worst, SDCC, Marvel, zombie","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"patrick-swayze-diagnosed-with-pancreatic-cancer"},{"id":"47509062769876","title":"Video: Shailene Woodley and Juvenile Delinquency","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Shailene Woodley and Juvenile Delinquencyby Grae Drake | June 4, 2014 |  CommentsThe Fault in Our Stars is all about love, overcoming challenges, and…destruction of private property. Grae Drake speaks to the cast about their moments of juvenile delinquency and allows them to express their regret.&nbsp;&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Max, camera, spinoff, cinemax, shows, thirty","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-shailene-woodley-and-juvenile-delinquency"},{"id":"47612966753646","title":"Now Streaming: Snowpiercer, Nebraska, Tim Burton’s Batman Movies, and More","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: Snowpiercer, Nebraska, Tim Burton's Batman Movies, and Moreby RT Staff | November 11, 2014 |  CommentsWe don’t have anything particularly notable in the new releases department, save for a mistake we made when we prematurely announced the availability of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes last week. You can check that article for details on where you can see the Certified Fresh film. Otherwise, we’ve got a handful of new selections on Netflix, including both of Tim Burton’s entries in the Batman franchise, Alexander Payne’s Best Picture nominee from last year, and a Certified Fresh sci-fi actioner that made a big splash on VOD earlier this year. Read on for details:Nebraska 91%Alexander Payne’s Best Picture-nominated drama stars stars Bruce Dern and Will Forte in the story of a father and son who travel to the titular state to claim a sweepstakes prize.Available now on: NetflixSnowpiercer 94%Chris Evans and Tilda Swinton star in South Korean director Bong Joon-ho’s (The Host, Mother) English language debut, about a mutiny aboard a train that perpetually circles the Earth in a post-apocalyptic future.Available now on: NetflixBatman 71%One of the most hyped movies in Hollywood history, Batman found director Tim Burton jettisoneing the plots (if not the dark tone) of Bob Kane’s original comics, and utilizing set designs reminiscent of Fritz Lang’s Metropolis and freakish, brooding characters similar to… well, a Tim Burton movie.Available now on: NetflixBatman Returns 80%For his sequel to Batman, Tim Burton gave audiences not one, but two empathetic, pitiable villains: the Penguin (Danny DeVito) and Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer). Teaming up against Batman, the pair plans an assault on the city above.Available now on: NetflixLast Passenger 86%Dougray Scott and Lindsay Duncan star in an action film about a group of commuters who must work together to stop the madman who has taken control of a London train.Available now on: NetflixVirunga 100%Netflix’s original documentary focuses on a team of park rangers in eastern Congo’s Virunga National Park who struggle against poachers and an impending rebel war to preserve the natural habitat around them.Available now on: NetflixGrey’s Anatomy: Season TenThe tenth season of ABC’s hit drama finds Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) juggling her duties as wife and mother with her professional responsibilities, even as tragedy hits the hospital.Available now on: Netflix","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Larson","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"now-streaming-snowpiercer-nebraska-tim-burtons-batman-movies-and-more"},{"id":"47509030170571","title":"Video: Charlize Theron is Sheena, Queen of the Jungle","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Charlize Theron is Sheena, Queen of the Jungleby Grae Drake | August 15, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Charlize Theron, Matthew McConaughey, Art Parkinson, and director Travis Knight from&nbsp;Kubo and the Two Strings,&nbsp;about&nbsp;what talismans from their childhood they would want brought to life, and Laika Flims’ masterful art of scaring children. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"King, Drama, leads, cinemax","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/15130205/Charlize-Theron-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-charlize-theron-is-sheena-queen-of-the-jungle"},{"id":"47509209389636","title":"Comic-Con Ketchup: Batman to Appear in Man of Steel Sequel","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Comic-Con Ketchup: Batman to Appear in Man of Steel Sequel\n                        Plus, more comics-related casting news and movie announcements from SDCC.\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | July 22, 2013                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThe Weekly Ketchup is normally published on Fridays, but this is a special edition just covering the events of San Diego Comic-Con 2013, hence the Monday publication date instead.  Read on for the latest news involving the latest comic book adaptations, as long as they were published by DC, Marvel, or Rob Liefeld.\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nNEW BATMAN TO APPEAR IN MAN OF STEEL SEQUEL IN 2015\n\nAlthough Marvel has more movies, the biggest news of the weekend was definitely from Warner Bros and DC Comics.  We’ll get to more of it farther down the column, but in terms of single movie announcements, let’s start here.  In the summer of 2015, Warner Bros will be releasing the sequel to this summer’s Man of Steel.  That’s hardly surprising, but the bigger news is who Kal-El will be sharing the limelight with.  Although not officially called World’s Finest (yet, at least), the movie will unite Batman and Superman in the same live action movie for the first time. Such a movie has been in the works on and off for over a decade, and was even teased in the Times Square scene in Warner Bros’ I Am Legend. Giving us a possible sense of the tone of the sequel, Zack Snyder (who will be returning as director) brought out Man of Steel‘s Harry Lennix to read a quote from Frank Miller’s The Dark Knight Returns.  “I want you to remember, Clark, in all the years to come, in all your most private moments. I want you to remember my hand at your throat.  I want you to remember the one man who beat you.”  So, yeah, the new Batman might not be Superman’s superhero best friend right away, at least.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 THE OTHER BIG SUMMER 2015 SUPERHERO MOVIE WILL BE CALLED AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON\n\nFor a movie that we already thought we knew a lot about, Marvel changed the game with a simple title announcement.  Last year, when audiences saw Thanos in the credits teaser, that seemed to tell us pretty clearly who the villain of the Avengers sequel would be.  Of course, that was also a time before we saw Iron Man 3, too, which provided a powerful example of how not to presume you know everything there is to know about a superhero movie’s villain.   We now know that the title of the sequel will be Avengers: Age of Ultron, a reference to the classic “evil robot” villain of the team in the comics.  And yet, the title is arguably misleading in a few ways that were quickly clarified by Joss Whedon. First of all, the movie will not be an adaptation of the actual Age of Ultron crossover event that is still ongoing in the comics.  Also, the inclusion of Ultron as the villain doesn’t necessarily mean that the sequel will include Dr. Henry Pym, who in the comics was Ultron’s creator (as well as being Ant-Man, who is also getting a movie in 2015). This makes a lot of sense, because it would mean that the Henry Pym of the movies would not only be an expert in “shrinking” but robots and artificial intelligence as well (which is more of a Tony Stark specialty). Avengers: Age of Ultron will start filming in February or March of 2014 in London, and will be released on May 1, 2015.\n\n\n\t\n#2 CATE BLANCHETT HEADLINES NEW CAST INTRODUCED IN HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 2\n\nIt’s not all superheroes and comic book adaptations at SDCC anymore. This weekend, DreamWorks Animation revealed three of the new voice cast members joining their fantasy adventure franchise with How to Train Your Dragon 2 when it flies into theaters on June 20, 2014.  Those three are Cate Blanchett (as Valka, a “stealthy vigilante type”), Kit Harrington from Game of Thrones (as Eret, “a cocky dragon trapper”), and Djimon Hounsou (as a leader of a new army of dragons), who also appears elsewhere in this column.\n\n\n\t\n#3 PETER DINKLAGE CONFIRMED TO BE BIG BAD BEHIND GIANT ROBOTS OF X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST\n\nThe down side of the way Bryan Singer has been deluging the Internet with details of X-Men: Days of Future Past is that not much was left to be “big news” at San Diego Comic-Con. (Size is going to be a not-that-subtle-or-clever theme in this little piece.) One thing that we do know now, however, is that Peter Dinklage’s mystery character was confirmed to be Bolivar Trask, the human mastermind behind the Sentinels, the giant mutant-hunting robots that are the main menace of the future parts of the movie. “Trask Industries” was even at SDCC, showing off a Sentinel head (which may or may not be to scale).  20th Century Fox will release X-Men: Days of Future Past on May 23, 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#4 LITTLE BITS OF GODZILLA GET REVEALED AT SDCC\n\nOnce upon a time, the synergy of Warner Bros and Legendary Pictures releasing first Pacific Rim in 2013, and then Godzilla in 2014, seemed fairly inspired.  That concept possibly presumed better domestic box office for Pacific Rim, but it’s also not all about the USA.  Anyway, the Godzilla reboot is now only 10 months away (to be released on May 16, 2014), and so it was presented at SDCC. This included a teaser poster that shows off the monster’s tail, and concept art that seems to show the top of Godzilla’s head.  There was also a Godzilla panel, which you can read about here, and some footage that gave new information about the premise.  In keeping with most of the beloved old Godzilla Toho movies, we now know that Godzilla will not be alone: Godzilla will also be fighting other giant monsters.\n\n\n\t\n#5 DOCTOR STRANGE RUMOR: WILL MARVEL CAST JGL SINCE DC’S NOT USING HIM AS BATMAN?\n\nWith the news that a wholly new Batman will be joining Superman and friends in the newly rebooted DC cinematic universe, one of the actors from The Dark Knight Rises might just be a comic book adaptation free agent again.  That, at least, appears to be the idea behind the pre-SDCC rumor that Marvel wants to cast Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Doctor Strange, who is probably getting his own movie in 2016.  There really isn’t much more to say about it… especially since, as a rumor, this might not be completely true anyway.\n\n\n\t\n#6 DJIMON HOUNSOU JOINS GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY, AND REVEALS A HUGE SPOILER\n\nOne of the dozens of actors that Marvel revealed at their panel this weekend was quite a surprise, because he wasn’t really known to have been cast in Guardians of the Galaxy.  Djimon Hounsou was sitting there, however, and revealed that he’s playing “Korath,” who comics fans know better as Korath the Pursuer, one of the Kree that helps out Ronan the Accuser (as to be played by Lee Pace).  In the comics at least, they look a lot alike:  Ronan wears green, and Korath wears brown. Djimon Hounsou also dropped another little detail that maybe he wasn’t supposed to: Yes, Korath helps Ronan, but he also assists Thanos (oh hi, barely registered or noticed huge spoiler!).  As for who will be voicing Rocket Raccoon or his plant pal Groot… we still don’t know either detail.\n\n\n\nRotten Ideas of the Week\n\n#3 WARNER BROS ANNOUNCES FLASH FOR 2016… BUT STILL NO WONDER WOMAN MOVIE\n\nSo, we teased above that there were more WB/DC movie announcements to discuss.  Well, here we are.  In addition to the Batman/Superman movie in 2015, they are also scheduling Flash for 2016, and finally, Justice League for 2017.  Why this part of the story is Rotten is the member of the “Big Three” that is still missing:  Wonder Woman. There was recently a quote online from a WB executive addressing the delay in bringing out a Wonder Woman movie, but it reads as hard-to-believe. Wonder Woman doesn’t have “the single, clear, compelling story that everyone knows and recognizes?”  Right, because Man of Steel totally had one of those.  Besides that, it’s not true, as evidenced by the 2009 Warner Animated direct-to-video movie.  The argument can be made (I’m doing it right here, actually) that WB could just take that movie’s script and adapt it as a live action film and write themselves a big fat check for hundreds of millions of dollars in future box office.  Anyway, it’s going to be 2017 when we finally see Justice League get its own movie, which will be two years after Avengers: Age of Ultron, and only a year before Marvel’s Phase 3 ends with Avengers 3 in (probably) the summer of 2018.\n\n\n\t\n#2 GINA CARANO AND PODIATRY EXPERT ROB LIEFELD UNITE FOR AVENGELYNE\n\nIn the next section, we’ll discuss how things have changed in terms of what stories get revealed at SDCC nowadays, but this one is definitely an example of a more “old school” announcement. Comic book creator Rob Liefeld and MMA-fighter-turned-actress Gina Carano are teaming up for a movie adaptation of Liefeld’s character Avengelyne.  First introduced in 1995, the concept of Avengelyne basically combines any superhero story involving a character called “The One” with angels and heavens and demons and such.  Adding in that Avengelyne is “intended to be in the vein of Underworld” probably tells you everything else you need to know.  If there is still any lingering curiosity, there’s always Wikipedia.\n\n\n\t\n#1 THE MOST ROTTEN THING ABOUT COMIC-CON NEWS THIS YEAR MIGHT HAVE BEEN…\n\n…that there isn’t a tenth story in this Comic-Con Ketchup.  There actually weren’t enough new announcements this year to even really warrant a full Ketchup (of ten stories).  This is probably a symptom of the continuing “big two” status of comic book adaptations.  And in one way, Marvel Studios might be the ones to blame.  Back several years ago, every year of San Diego Comic-Con would see lots of new comic book adaptations revealed (or rumored) online.  But, that was also when Marvel adaptations were spread across multiple companies, both among studios (Fox, Sony, Lionsgate) and production companies.  The slowing down of news might also be a symptom of adaptations of comics published by smaller companies having a much harder time at the box office (like say, R.I.P.D. and Cowboys &amp; Aliens).  Another factor could also be the way that comic book adaptations are so ingrained in the business now that the news is spread out more across the full year, instead of just being announcements at an event in July. And that brings us to the part that could make this maybe not such a Rotten Idea after all: Wouldn’t it be a great return to the “old days” if San Diego Comic-Con did stop being thought of as the be-all and end-all of movie news and announcements?\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"E!, who, A&E, Christmas, TV, Carpet, Podcast, crime, Columbia, Arrangement, Talk, 20th, hispanic, IFC","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"ComicCon-Ketchup-Batman-to-Appear-in-Man-of-Steel-Sequel"},{"id":"47613117969821","title":"RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Easy A, Salt, and Wall Street","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})RT on DVD &amp; Blu-Ray: Easy A, Salt, and Wall StreetPlus, a dance flick, an M. Night Shymalan story, and a Star Wars parody.by RT Staff | December 21, 2010 |  CommentsUnlike last week, when we had a wealth of popular Certified Fresh choices, this week brings a much smaller selection of new releases. Most of them, in fact, are for direct-to-dvd films and bad horror movies you haven’t heard of. With that in mind, we bring you the five new releases and one boxset of a popular animated show’s parody of the original Star Wars trilogy. It may not be a whole lot to choose from, but there may still be a few things of interest here, so check them out! 85%Easy AEmma Stone is the real deal. If you need proof, the Certified Fresh Easy A provides ample evidence that she’s funny, intelligent, and incredibly likeable. Stone stars as Olive Penderghast, whose status in her school is non-existent until rumors of her racy exploits make the rounds. Olive uses her new-found fame to her advantage, until things start to get out of hand. A contemporary update of The Scarlet Letter, Easy A is warm, occasionally hilarious, and smarter than your average teen movie fare, boasting excellent supporting performances and a star-making turn from Stone. The DVD features a making-of doc, a gag reel, commentary from Stone and director Will Gluck, and footage from Stone’s audition.[tomatometer]MovieId=770805753[/tomatometer]SaltAngelina Jolie has always been a Hollywood sex symbol, but she’s also proven herself to be quite the action star as well. Salt is simply the latest in a career filled with plenty of derring-do for Jolie, from racing cars (Gone in Sixty Seconds) to curving gunshots (Wanted). This time around, Jolie plays Evelyn Salt, a CIA operative who’s accused of being a Russian double agent and goes on the lam to prove her innocence. In an interesting lead-up to the film, it was revealed that the script was originally penned with Tom Cruise in mind, but Mr. Mission: Impossible felt the character too closely resembled Ethan Hunt, so he declined. That should offer some indication of how strong Jolie’s action cred has become; she effectively filled the shoes of Tom Cruise. And for the most part, critics felt she did an admirable job with material they found to be predictable and, at times, ludicrously plotted. The film also co-stars Liev Schreiber and Chiwetel Ejiofor, who are no slouches themselves, so Salt should provide a reasonably entertaining evening in with some popcorn.[tomatometer]MovieId=770814365[/tomatometer]Wall Street: Money Never SleepsIn a year filled with 80s throwbacks (The Karate Kid, The A-Team, TRON: Legacy) one that really came out of nowhere was Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps. Was anyone really that curious to know whatever happened to Gordon Gekko? In any case, Oliver Stone brought the iconic Michael Douglas character back to the screen, this time with a protégé in the form of Shia LaBeouf as Jake Moore, who teams up with Gekko in order to warn the financial sector of the imminent stock market crash in 2008 and to exact revenge on the man he believes is responsible for his mentor’s death. Critics found Money Never Sleeps to be a decent follow-up to the original, but expressed disappointment at what they felt was a subpar film coming from the likes of Stone, a strong cast (which included Frank Langella and up-and-comer Carey Mulligan), and a timely storyline. It currently sits at 54% on the Tomatometer, but should hold some interest for fans of those involved and thrillers with a hint of realism.[tomatometer]MovieId=771203480[/tomatometer]DevilM. Night Shyamalan hasn’t had much luck with the critics lately, and his last few films (The Last Airbender, The Happening, The Lady in the Water) have also been his worst-reviewed. So it was no surprise that trailers for Devil, which Shyamalan produced and whose story he wrote, were reportedly met with groans from movie audiences when it was revealed he was involved. However, to the credit of directors Drew and John Erick Dowdle, Devil‘s 53% Tomatometer is higher than Shyamalan’s last four efforts. The story centers around five strangers who are trapped inside a stalled elevator in a Philadelphia highrise; it’s revealed that the Devil is among them, and it’s up to them to figure out who it is, and why the five of them have been fated to wind up in the situation they’re in. Critics felt the film was passable entertainment with a few thrills to be had, but also that its premise was intriguing enough that a better movie could have resulted. Take that for what you will, but perhaps the fact that many consider this to be better than most of M. Night Shyamalan’s latest projects will offer some hope.[tomatometer]MovieId=770733841[/tomatometer]Step Up 3DWith the recent popularity of dance-themed television shows like So You Think You Can Dance, America’s Best Dance Crew, and even Dancing with the Stars, it was only natural that a film would come along that delivered a purely cathartic dance experience for moviegoers. That movie was 2006’s Step Up, which was popular enough around the world to warrant a sequel (Step Up 2: The Streets) and, this year, its third installment, Step Up 3D. For those of you who are planning on renting this movie, you know what you’re getting, and the Step Up series has never pretended to be anything more. Will there be strong plotting and award-worthy acting? Probably not. But will there be stunning choreography and some eye-popping visuals? Most definitely. Grab this one if you want to spend an evening watching hardbodies grinding on the dance floor (or any other appropriately flashy surface); the DVD also comes with a number of music videos for the songs featured in the film.Laugh It Up Fuzzball: The Family Guy TrilogySeth MacFarlane had a hit on his hands with animated Fox show Family Guy, which was successful enough that MacFarlane was able to get two more shows on Fox. Family Guy itself remains the flagship of the network’s Sunday Animation Domination lineup, though the series has a love-it-or-hate-it quality about it, and MacFarlane has been given the opportunity to do pretty much whatever he wants with it. Pair that with his geek leanings and you’ve got Laugh It Up Fuzzball, Family Guy‘s three-part tribute to the original Star Wars trilogy. With three double-sized episodes to mirror Episodes IV, V, and VI of Star Wars, the show celebrates (and skewers) the George Lucas classics as only Family Guy can: with lots of irreverent humor, random non-sequiturs, and Peter being an idiot. The boxset coincides with the individual release of It’s A Trap! (a parody of Return of the Jedi) and contains tons of special features dedicated to each of the installments.Written by Ryan Fujitani and Tim Ryan","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"elm, slashers, Kids, TCA, saw, GIFs, Channel","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rt-on-dvd-and-blu-ray-easy-a-salt-and-wall-street"},{"id":"47508910490507","title":"Parental Guidance: Hardcore Henry Looks Like a Video Game, but Don’t Take Your Kids to It","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Parental Guidance: Hardcore Henry Looks Like a Video Game, but Don't Take Your Kids to Itby Christy Lemire | April 8, 2016 |  CommentsAll the movies are rated R this week, but one of them looks an awful lot like a video game. With that in mind, Christy warns against taking the little ones to see it. Read on for details.NEW IN THEATERS&nbsp;Hardcore Henry (2016)  52%Rating: R, for non-stop bloody brutal violence and mayhem, language throughout, sexual content/nudity and drug use.Everything opening this week is R-rated, but the most R-rated of them all is Hardcore Henry. Like Deadpool, this may look like a fun movie to your kids, especially if they’re into video games – namely, those of the first-person-shooter variety. But it’s totally unsuitable for them. The MPAA rating says it all: This film is just incessant in its brutal, bloody violence. The premise is clever, though. The whole thing takes place from the perspective of a character named Henry, who wakes up in a lab with no memory of who he is or how he got there. A beautiful scientist (Haley Bennett) is attaching prosthetic limbs to his battered, tatted body – and she says she’s his wife. But he quickly realizes he’s in danger and must go on the run throughout Moscow from the various bad guys who are after him – including a diabolical albino with telekinetic powers (Danila Kozlovsky) and his army of cyborg henchmen. Writer-director Ilya Naishuller placed GoPro cameras on a bunch of stuntmen to create the images we see: running, jumping, climbing, chasing, crashing, fighting, shooting, and killing. It is a non-stop bloodbath. Henry also visits a Russian brothel where dozens of women are dressed (or, rather, undressed) identically in black panties and platinum blonde wigs. Various characters do massive amounts of drugs. Oh yes, and there’s a ton of language, but that seems almost quaint compared to the other hardcore activities going on here. FYI, if you’re an adult thinking of seeing Hardcore Henry&nbsp;– and you have trouble with motion sickness – you may want to avoid it. The trailer alone will give you an idea of the dizzying effects of the first-person perspective.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"Mary, Awards, talk, bad, free, See, impossible, in","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/08105624/HardcoreHenryPG.jpg","slug":"parental-guidance-hardcore-henry-looks-like-a-video-game-but-dont-take-your-kids-to-it"},{"id":"47509023438724","title":"Video: The Natural Beauty of The Shack","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Natural Beauty of The Shackby Grae Drake | February 28, 2017 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to Octavia Spencer And Radha Mitchell&nbsp;from&nbsp;The Shack&nbsp;about&nbsp;the beauty of this movie (and Vancouver), how much of it is surprisingly not CGI, and which three people from history they identify with and&nbsp;would want to meet.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Pictures, LGBT, criterion, Ovation, werewolf, dark, razzies","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/28134615/Octavia-Spencer-w-branding.jpg","slug":"video-the-natural-beauty-of-the-shack"},{"id":"47613570641533","title":"The Indie Fresh List: Unwanted Pregnancy, Arrested Development, and a Remastered Anime Classic","content":"Indie Fresh Listvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Indie Fresh List: Unwanted Pregnancy, Arrested Development, and a Remastered Anime ClassicCheck out the latest Fresh indie releases, including what's still in theaters and what's coming soon.by Jacqueline Coley | March 11, 2020 |  CommentsJoin us weekly as&nbsp;Rotten Tomatoes reports on what’s opening, expanding, and coming to the specialty box office. From promising releases from new voices to&nbsp;experimental efforts&nbsp;from storied filmmakers – or perhaps the next indie darling to go the distance for end-of-year accolades – we will break it all down for you here each week in Fresh&nbsp;Indie Finds.&nbsp;This week at the specialty box office, we have the re-release of a Japanese cult-classic animation, a compelling tale about two women’s journeys to terminate an unwanted pregnancy, and a comedy about arrested development from SNL star Pete Davidson. In our re-vamped Spotlight Section, we again have&nbsp;director Kelly Reichardt’s latest Pacific Northwest tale, featuring an interview with star&nbsp;John Magaro, and in the Indie Trailer section, we have new clips from Taika Waititi and The Act star Joey King.Opening This WeekendNever Rarely Sometimes Always (2020)  99%&nbsp;Eliza Hittman has premiered each of her first three features at the Sundance Film Festival, including her second film, the Sundance prize-winner Beach Rats. This year, Hittman returned to the Park City festival with her powerful new drama Never Rarely Sometimes Always, which&nbsp;hits theaters this weekend. It’s an intimate portrayal of two teenage girls who journey to terminate an unintended pregnancy; with little support and facing harrowing obstacles along the way, the young girls band together to defeat the odds stacked against them.&nbsp;Peter Travers of Rolling Stone&nbsp;wrote, “Eliza Hitmann’s devastating abortion drama, starring a wonder of an actress named Sidney Flanigan, is an emotional wipeout that’s impossible to forget.”Playing New York &amp; Los Angeles this weekend.Big Time Adolescence (2020)  86%&nbsp;If you’re thinking an aggressively unmotivated college dropout whose sole interests are partying, sleeping, and chasing girls sounds like a role tailor-made for SNL star Pete Davidson, then you would be right. In truth, Davidson gives a powerful performance as a drug-addled man-child named Zeke who befriends the only person who still thinks he’s cool, his ex-girlfriend’s teenage brother. Since its Sundance debut in 2019, critics have lauded Davidson and his co-star Griffin Gluck’s screen work. “The two central performances from Pete Davidson and Griffin Gluck are outstanding, but it’s Jon Cryer who is allowed to deliver a devastating scene expressing his blindness to whatever Moe sees in this sad excuse for a friend,” writes&nbsp;Jason Orley of Flickering Myth.&nbsp;Playing New York &amp; Los Angeles, available to stream on Hulu March 20th.Tokyo Godfathers (2003)  91%&nbsp;Tokyo Godfathers,&nbsp;Satoshi Kon’s seminal albeit unconventional Japanese Christmas animation, was a critical hit when it was released in 2003. Three homeless people in Tokyo find a baby girl at a garbage dump on Christmas Eve and are profoundly changed by it. This week, a newly remastered version with an all English dub hits theaters.&nbsp;Marrit Ingman of the&nbsp;Austin Chronicle&nbsp;called the Japanese original “the kind of old-fashioned, all-ages entertainment Hollywood used to churn out in live-action form before the era of niche marketing when a good story sold a film”.Playing&nbsp;New York&nbsp; &amp; Los Angeles this weekend.Fresh and Still in TheatersFirst Cow (2020)  96%Spotlight PickOn only four screens, Kelly Reichardt earned a $25,000 per-screen average and $96,000 box office haul, which marked a career high for the indie filmmaker. Reichardt was awarded the Bonnie Award at this year’s Independent Spirit Awards, and the film that earned her the honor is currently playing in select theaters. First Cow is a&nbsp;quiet tale about two men who form a friendship around their theft of milk from the first cow to arrive in a rural settlement in the Pacific Northwest of the 1800s.&nbsp;John Magaro&nbsp;and&nbsp;Orion Lee’s&nbsp;delicate dance of performances anchors this slice-of-life period piece. Utilizing her distinctive filmmaking style and aesthetic, “Reichardt, America’s foremost chronicler of small stories rooted in meticulously-crafted geographical expanses, has delivered another slow-burn heartbreaker,”&nbsp;writes&nbsp;Sophie Monks Kaufman&nbsp;of Little White Lies.&nbsp;We spoke with star&nbsp;John Magaro&nbsp;ahead of the film’s release, and he detailed why working with Reichardt was tremendously freeing and gave us some of his favorite new indies.&nbsp;Jacqueline Coley&nbsp;for Rotten Tomatoes: Talk about working with Kelly; she is a director with a very particular style of filmmaking.&nbsp;John Magaro:&nbsp;Kelly is actually a very direct filmmaker. There is an economy of action and language in the story. It can be a scary thing for an actor, as there is no safety net. But, it is also tremendously freeing. You get to focus on the situation and live in an extremely honest way. She just lets the camera roll.RT: How did you and your co-star Orion Lee develop the feel of two instant friends who form an intimate bond?&nbsp;Magaro:&nbsp;It is a strange thing we do as actors. We meet someone and have to figure out a relationship somehow almost immediately. Fortunately, in this case, we had a few days of camping in the woods of Oregon. Orion and I had a guide who helped us learn some necessary skills we may have had as settlers in 1820. It also gave us a sense of each other’s rhythm and style.RT: Any memorable moments from the Telluride premiere?&nbsp;Magaro:&nbsp;Telluride is one of my favorite festivals. It is a schlep to get to, but because of that isolation, it feels true about [the] film. It gave me a chance to see a lot of great films from the past year before they came out in theaters, including&nbsp;Two Popes, Uncut Gems, Linda Ronstadt: The Sound of My Voice, and a few more. Also, it was a little reunion for our First Cow&nbsp;team.RT: What’s on your personal “Fresh” list?Magaro:&nbsp;Going back to something I saw at Telluride, the film The Climb&nbsp;from&nbsp;Michael Angelo Covino is about to come out and is a must-see. It is boldly shot and has a ton of humanity and honesty.Playing Select theaters.Along with… And Then We Danced (2020) , about two male dancers who compete against each other and fall in love in repressive Romania. Swallow (2020) , about an affluent housewife who develops a deadly case of pica — the urge to swallow inanimate objects. The Wild Goose Lake (Nan fang che zhan de ju hui) (2020) , about a Chinese&nbsp;gangster who meets a woman with a deadly secret. The Assistant (2020) , which follows a Hollywood assistant who struggles with what to do when she suspects her boss is harassing women. The Dog Doc (2020) , a documentary about a compassionate vet who tries to save vulnerable animals. Les Misérables (2020) , about a Paris riot that breaks out suddenly and pits the local cast of characters against the police. Pain and Glory (Dolor y gloria) (2019) , a drama about an aging director who reflects on his films, collaborators, and legacy after he’s sidelined by severe back pain. Jojo Rabbit (2019) , a satire about a naive Hitler youth who discovers his mother is hiding a Jewish girl during World War II. Saint Frances (2020) ,&nbsp;about a reluctant nanny who grows personally as she cares for a precocious toddler named Frances. The Lodge (2020) , a thriller about a&nbsp;woman who is left to care for her boyfriend’s kids at their wintry cabin when unseen forces descend upon them.New Indie TrailersRadium Girls (2020)  75%The Act‘s Joey King stars in this narrative take on the real-life “radium girls” of the early 1900s&nbsp;who suffered unspeakable medical conditions and death due to their work making radium dials for WWI.Seven Stages to Achieve Eternal Bliss (2020)  65%Kate Micucci, Sam Huntington, and Taika Waititi star in this sci-fi&nbsp;horror-comedy about a cult leader whose ritual suicide inspires his followers to break into a young couple’s new home, where he killed himself in the bathtub, in order to copy the act.Thumbnail images by Focus Features, Hulu, GKIDS&nbsp;","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Guide, The, talk, Comic-Con, international, movie","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"the-indie-fresh-list-unwanted-pregnancy-arrested-development-and-a-remastered-anime-classic"},{"id":"47613531749992","title":"Campbell Open to Evil Dead 4 and Bubba Nosferatu","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Campbell Open to Evil Dead 4 and Bubba Nosferatuby Fred Topel | May 5, 2007 |  CommentsEven though he’s in charge of the massive \"Spider-Man\" franchise and in the running for films like \"The Hobbit,\" Sam Raimi always says he wants to make another \"Evil Dead\" film with Bruce Campbell. Campbell isn’t quite as touched by that as one might think, and may suggest that it’s not in the director’s best interest to do so at the moment.\"Sam probably didn’t mention the second half of that, which is he doesn’t need to right now,\" said Campbell. \"We can always make an ‘Evil Dead’ movie when we’re in the old actors and directors home. But right now, he’s not quite there.\"Campbell’s idea suggests a brilliant idea: Old Ash versus the deadites! \"Oh yeah, absolutely. He’s out of it. I’d make him an old ass. I’d make him like a Bubba Ho-tep.\"Speaking of which, \"Bubba Ho-tep\" was such a fan favorite that director Don Coscarelli wants to bring back Campbell for \"Bubba Nosferatu.\" Coscarelli is waiting but Campbell is holding out. \"When we have a script,\" he said. \"Everyone’s working diligently on the script. So when that’s done, we’ll see what we got.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Disney, Sundance, universe, monsters, GoT","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"campbell-open-to-evil-dead-4-and-bubba-nosferatu"},{"id":"47508929003585","title":"Red Carpet Roundup Feat. Emma Watson, Margot Robbie, Blake Lively and More","content":"Red Carpet Roundupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Red Carpet Roundup Feat. Emma Watson, Margot Robbie, Blake Lively and Moreby RT Staff | April 27, 2017 |  CommentsEmma Watson was out to celebrate the release of The Circle, and elsewhere we had the likes of Margot Robbie and Blake Lively. Vote on your favorite red carpet style looks of the week by swiping left and right!","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"Office, Schmidt, Spike, Marvel, foreign","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/27140306/600RCRTime.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-roundup-feat-emma-watson-margot-robbie-blake-lively-and-more"},{"id":"47508668095156","title":"14 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This September","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})14 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This Septemberby Benjamin Lindsay | August 28, 2017 |  CommentsIt may feel like summer just got here, and while we hope you enjoyed your time lazing in the sun, it’s already time to dust off that couch and park it for fall TV. There is so much great new and returning series&nbsp;coming in September — check out Rotten Tomatoes’ Fall TV guide for the full breakdown — that we limited this month’s Binge Guide to those select programs&nbsp;that are Certified Fresh. Find out what you&nbsp;should catch up on below!American Horror Story  77%&nbsp;(FX)What it is: The 2016 presidential election of Donald Trump serves as&nbsp;the launchpad for season 7 of Ryan Murphy’s horror&nbsp;series. Set in Michigan, Ally (Sarah Paulson) is wracked with anxiety over the new leader of the free world while clown cult leader Kai (Evan Peters) feeds on others’ unease and fear. The mind games of American Horror Story: Cult&nbsp;begin on Tuesda, September 5.Why you should watch it: Sure, Ryan Murphy’s Emmy-winning anthology series is just that: an anthology. But considering the showrunner has gone on record several times at this point claiming that each season is connected, why not catch up on the madness of seasons 1–6 before Cult hits your queue? We’re sure you’ll find some Easter eggs to keep those fan theories churning along the way.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft, Netflix,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 55 hoursYou're the Worst  95%&nbsp;(FX)What it is: This dark comedy from creator Stephen Falk is the love story of Jimmy (Chris Geere) and Gretchen (Aya Cash), two world-weary, self-destructive cynics who want anything but to fall in love — until they do.Why you should watch it: We love our prestige drama anti-heroes as much as the next guy, but the kind of distinctly unheroic antics our lovebird heroes get into with You’re the Worst is enough to make Don Draper blush. This FXX comedy is about as real as it gets, no&nbsp;joke. Season 4 premieres September 6.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 18&nbsp;hoursBoJack Horseman  93%&nbsp;(NETFLIX)What it is:&nbsp;BoJack Horseman (voiced by Will Arnett) was once the hottest horse in town, star of a hit sitcom and riding high in Tinseltown. Fast-forward 20 years, though, and he’s a depressive has-been — and our titular protagonist of this hit Netflix comedy.Why you should watch it: It’s not often that an alcoholic horse and a fictionalized Hollywood full of as many flawed humans as talking animals teaches you about yourself, but, well, this one does — trust us! While it’s an acquired taste for any viewer, there’s reason BoJack’s blend of pitch-black humor and weighty human circumstance has gained such a cult following over the last three seasons. Catch up before season 4 premieres September 8.Where to watch it: NetflixCommitment: Approx. 15&nbsp;hoursOne Mississippi  96%&nbsp;(AMAZON)What it is: The death of a parent doesn’t sound like comedy fodder, but following in the footsteps of auteuristic comedy creators like Louis C.K. (who’s attached here as executive producer) and with an assist from series showrunner-creator Diablo Cody, comedians’ comedian Tig Notaro navigates the tragic with an ironic wit.Why you should watch it: Comedians often mine their personal biography to find the universal humor in their mistakes and missteps, but very few do it quite as elegantly and matter-of-factly as Notaro. She burst onto the scene after her Live comedy set, which charted the death of her mother, the breakup with her girlfriend, her increasingly declining health, and then — just days before the show was recorded — her breast cancer diagnosis. One Mississippi starts at the beginning of that hellish year with the death of the person who knew her best. And yet, Notaro finds a way to make us laugh or at the very least smile in knowing recognition the whole way through. Season 2 premieres September 8.Where to watch it: AmazonCommitment: Approx. 2.5 hoursOutlander  89% (STARZ)What it is: Based on the hit fantasy novel series from author Diana Gabaldon, Outlander&nbsp;is the story of World War II nurse Claire (Caitriona Balfe) who is inexplicably transported back in time to 18th-century Scotland, where she is quickly swept up in the drama and romance of Highland warrior Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), despite being a married woman in her own time to Frank (Tobias Menzies).Why you should watch it: Fantastical in spirit and in entertainment value, there’s little to dislike about this lavish Starz series. Fine performances and — ahem — titillating character arcs have wrapped audiences in a frenzy of “who will she choose” debate unseen since Twi-hards of yore. This time, though, the series in question has the scripts, direction, and overall production value that’s worthy of the fawning, too. Season 3 premieres September 10.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 29&nbsp;hoursTop of the Lake  83% (SUNDANCETV)What it is: Detective Robin Griffin (here played by Elisabeth Moss) nearly gets in over her head in Top of the Lake&nbsp;season 1, which follows the complex and complicated woman as she investigates the disappearance of a pregnant 12-year-old girl in a small New Zealand town.Why you should watch it: Upon its premiere in 2013, Top of the Lake was one of the television projects that helped&nbsp;herald in an era of Peak TV — and with Moss, its reigning queen. Plus you know you’re in good hands with an Oscar-winning filmmaker like Jane Campion at the helm. The much-anticipated second installment of the series costars Gwendoline Christie and Nicole Kidman and premieres on September&nbsp;10.Where to watch: Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft, VuduCommitment: Approx. 7&nbsp;hoursBetter Things  97% (FX)What it is: This semi-autobiographical series from longtime character actor Pamela Adlon depicts the trials and tribulations of being a working actor in the City of Angels while juggling single motherhood.Why you should watch it: Thank god for Pamela Adlon. Forever a scene-stealer in everything from Louie to Boston Legal to The Big Bang Theory (plus a smattering of voice actor gigs on TV’s biggest toons), it was only a matter of time before she&nbsp;got her due with a series of her own. And now she’s got the Emmy nomination to prove it all worthwhile. See what the buzz is about before season 2 premieres September 14.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 3.5&nbsp;hoursThe Good Place  97%&nbsp;(NBC)What it is: Talk about a creative spin on the afterlife! Kristen Bell stars as the recently deceased Eleanor Shellstrop, who by some glitch in the system ends up in the “Good Place,” a utopian haven for those who served their lives on Earth with grace designed by Ted Danson’s Michael. Thing is: Eleanor doesn’t actually fit the bill of admittance and has to keep her righteous new friends fooled if she wants to stick around.Why you should watch it: The Good Place is last season’s new network comedy that leaves us tickled to this day. An always-charming Bell and TV royalty Danson play off of each other in a way that—what the fork!? — simply works! We can’t wait to see the good places they take us come Season 2’s September 20 premiere.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft, Netflix,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 5.5&nbsp;hoursTransparent  90% (AMAZON)What it is: Jill Soloway’s acclaimed family comedy&nbsp;is much more than clever wordplay. This affecting story of a father, Mort Pfefferman, who comes out as transgender and begins transitioning as Maura is about the transitory nature of life for all members of the Pfefferman clan (and, yes, the importance of being honest and transparent with those you love as well as with yourself).Why you should watch it: Transparent is unlike anything you’ve ever seen on TV. While that’s of course in part due to its subject matter, which unequivocally helped bring transgender visibility to the screen and trans rights to the national conversation, it’s also due to the quiet brilliance of its players (including Jeffrey Tambor and Judith Light) and behind-the-camera creators. Season 4 premieres on September 22.Where to watch it: Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 15&nbsp;hoursThis Is Us  93%&nbsp;(NBC)What it is: Dan Fogelman’s hit family drama tells the story of siblings Kate, Kevin, and Randall in the present day while recounting their parents’ Jack and Rebecca’s own story through pregnancy and raising them in the early-to-mid 1980s.Why you should watch it: Not since Parenthood has a network drama so broadly tackled the nature of family and the personal contradictions and complications the riddle its individual members with such emotional gravitas and precision. Told with creative narrative devices and a bevy of excellent ensemble performances, This Is Us earns its praise (and your tears). Already picked up for season 3, catch up on the series’ first round before season 2 premieres September 26.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 13.5 hoursDesignated Survivor  71%&nbsp;(ABC)What it is: David Guggenheim’s political thriller imagines what would happen if an entire presidential administration was killed in one fell swoop and the low-ranking&nbsp;cabinet member tapped as designated survivor (a true-life position here played by Kiefer Sutherland) was sworn in as leader of the free world.Why you should watch it: This network drama marks a welcomed return to TV for Sutherland, who, as the titular survivor Tom Kirkman, holds no prisoners as a man between a rock and hard place. Paired with crackling scripts and an excellent ensemble, Designated Survivor is a mile-a-minute thrill-ride and a worthy follow-up to 24. Season 2 premieres on September 27.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 14.5&nbsp;hoursSpeechless  (ABC)What it is: Scott Silveri’s ABC comedy centers on the DiMeo family who comes together to aid eldest son and sibling JJ, a high schooler with cerebral palsy.Why you should watch it: Speechless is the rare family dramedy that’s actually great viewing for the whole family. The inspiring story of the power of blood and the ties that bind&nbsp;has as much pathos as it does humor, and it’s further bolstered by a never-better Minnie Driver as mama bear Maya. Season 2 premieres on September 27.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 8.8 hoursGreat News  84%&nbsp;(NBC)What it is: Executive produced by comedy heavyweights Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, this newsroom satire puts its own sitcom-y spin on what we’ve already seen when wunderkind news producer Katie Wendelson (Briga Heelan) is met with the one breaking news story she doesn’t know what to do with: the arrival of her mother as the station’s new intern.Why you should watch it: We’d watch screen and stage vet Andrea Martin read the phonebook. Thankfully, though, she’s given much more to do here as mother-turned-intern Carol Wendelson. She makes 30 Rock and The Mindy Project‘s&nbsp;Tracey Wigfield’s words sing (and makes us laugh ourselves silly). Season 2 premieres on September 28.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 3.5&nbsp;hoursThe Exorcist  89%&nbsp;(FOX)What it is:&nbsp;Remakes, reboots, and long-awaited sequels are now&nbsp;old-hat in Hollywood, but it is only every once in awhile that it gets done right.&nbsp;The Exorcist is one such case. It now looks slated to also get in on the anthology-television craze, with season 2 following a new possession with the same priests presiding.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Ryan Murphy no longer has exclusive rights to horror on American TV;&nbsp;The Exorcist&nbsp;season 1 scared the heck out of us! While it gets the frights right, it also allows for an expansion and exploration of the world created in the classic 1973 feature with a back-to-form Geena Davis sitting drivers’ seat. Season 2 premieres on September 29.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 7.5&nbsp;hours","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"versus","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/11132742/RT_BingeGuides_Sept2017_600X314.jpg","slug":"14-tv-shows-you-should-binge-watch-this-september"},{"id":"47508859018653","title":"Five Favorite Films with Brendan Fraser","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Brendan FraserThe Extraordinary Measures star shares his favorite moviesby RT Staff | January 20, 2010 |  CommentsBrendan Fraser, star of Extraordinary Measures and of course, monster franchise reboot The Mummy took some time to stop by The Rotten Tomatoes Show on Current TV to share his five favorite movies. Find out what classic movies and what recent blockbuster the adaptable actor chose as his favorites!","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"curtis, 2021, name, female, Family, Carpet, Mary","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Five-Favorite-Films-with-Brendan-Fraser"},{"id":"47614754541721","title":"Mark Wahlberg Dishes Some Dirt on \"Departed 2\" and Maybe \"3\"!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Mark Wahlberg Dishes Some Dirt on \"Departed 2\" and Maybe \"3\"!by Scott Weinberg | February 8, 2007 |  CommentsAnyone who’s seen all three of the \"Infernal Affairs\" flicks had to know this was coming: Word is that we’ll probably be getting a sequel to \"The Departed,\" and perhaps even a prequel as well!It’s been buzzed about for a few weeks, but Oscar nominee Mark Wahlberg recently had a chat with Empire Magazine, and here’s what he had to say: \"They’re talking about bringing in De Niro to play a senator or a congressman … You know, the corruption obviously going deeper and higher up the ranks — reaching up the political chain. So it’ll be fun. And if it’s a success, they’re gonna do a prequel and bring everyone back…make it a trilogy.\"So while director Martin Scorsese is not (yet) attached to the project, it seems that screenwriter William Monahan is presently hard at work on sequel number one. Mr. Wahlberg seems to think things are moving forward; he claims the sequel could begin production by late this year. If so, cool.No word yet on whether \"Departed 2\" will follow along with what went down in \"Infernal Affairs 2,\" but I guess that’s part of the reason we’ll want to go see it.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"dramedy, natural, hispanic, Go, rt, TNT, action","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"mark-wahlberg-dishes-some-dirt-on-departed-2-and-maybe-3"},{"id":"47509082600851","title":"Weekend Box Office Results: A Quiet Place Part II Upsets In the Heights To Top Weekend And Pass $100 Million","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekend Box Office Results: A Quiet Place Part II Upsets In the Heights To Top Weekend And Pass $100 MillionThe horror sequel is the first movie to pass the milestone since the pandemic started. Meanwhile, Lin-Manuel Miranda's musical failed to match expectations with second-place finish on the weekend of June 11-13.by Erik Childress | June 13, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by © Warner Bros. Pictures)It is hard to look at this weekend’s numbers – with A Quiet Place Part II eking out top spot with $11.7 million over In the Heights‘ $11.4 million – and not consider this a setback for the box office in many ways. Though none of the fault lies with the theaters themselves: Chicago opened up to full capacity on Friday and other cities are doing the same. Perhaps, after 15 months indoors, folks have reevaluated their necessity to see certain movies in theaters, especially when those movies are available to them at home on the same day. This appears to be another weekend where Warner Brothers’ deal with HBO Max to release movies simultaneously in theaters and at home may have kept another one of their own from being the success it was expected to be.(Should Have Been) King of the Crop: In the Heights Falls Below Expectations, Leaving Questions In Its WakeHow much would director Jo M. Chu’s In the Heights have realistically made had it opened last year? Chu’s Crazy Rich Asians began with $26.5 million in a mid-August slot without major star power in 2018, but tapped into excitement over its celebration of cultures and communities often left out of traditional mainstream rom-coms. In the Heights finally hit theaters after a lengthy pandemic-related delay with a similar pedigree, the addition of a musical element courtesy of one of the most praised lyricists in modern times (Lin-Manuel Miranda), a Certified Fresh Tomatometer Score of 96% (even higher than Crazy Rich Asians’ 91%), and a prime release slot just as the box office was beginning to show signs of life. Yet, it finished in second at the box office this weekend with $11.4 million, less than half of what Crazy Rich Asians opened to.Now ask yourself: What would In the Heights have realistically done&nbsp;this year had it not also been available on HBO Max? It is a more than fair question, and much fairer than simply pointing at what many consider to be an under-performing number. And in some ways it is a question that Warner Brothers, the studio behind&nbsp;In the Heights, essentially posed to moviegoers against the studio’s own interests: “Is this a movie that I need to see in theaters? Because there&nbsp;is&nbsp;another option…” It’s the same question people have asked themselves for years and it can have a multi-week deliberation: On opening weekend most have already decided to see a movie or not; the week after they may decide to see it because someone they trust told them they have to. But now they have the option of staying home and watching it when word-of-mouth hits.And if somewhere between $20 million and $25 million was a realistic expectation for In The Heights this weekend – which was what some pundits were predicting – it is reasonable to assume that some of those who were excited for the movie did not want to wait to get to a theater and spend an additional $10-$20 for one movie when they have already shelled out a $15 subscription for a whole month of readily-available entertainment. If F9 puts up some serious numbers in two weeks’ time – it is coming out exclusively in theaters – could Warner Brothers start thinking of going back on their promise to deliver The Suicide Squad, Dune, and The Matrix 4 both in theaters and on HBO Max? F9 has grossed over $268 million internationally so far.Rotten Returns: Peter Rabbit Suggests Family Box Office Needs Help(Photo by © Sony Pictures Releasing / Courtesy Everett Collection)The returns for Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway are another indication that families are just not returning in full force to theaters – yet. Discounting Cruella as a “family” film with its odd PG-13 rating, Peter Rabbit 2 is the second sequel in as many weeks – along with&nbsp;Spirit Untamed – that looks like it will not even match the pandemic highs of The Croods: A New Age, Raya and the Last Dragon, and Tom &amp; Jerry. A $10.4 million start for a summertime sequel to a film that opened in February 2018 to $25 million (and finished with over $115 million) is not good by any metric. Especially when those other films opened during the pandemic respectively to $9.7 million (Thanksgiving weekend 2020), $8.5 million (March 2020), and $14.1 million (February 2020). Right now this is more dire news for family films in general than it is for Rabbit Deux, given its budget is only $45 million and it has already taken in over $58 million overseas alone. So Sony may still be just fine with this one. But what will be the big family breakout? The Boss Baby: Family Business is going to be streaming day-and-date on Peacock, and Space Jam: A New Legacy will be available on HBO Max when it hits theaters. It may be falling to Sony again with Hotel Transylvania: Transformania to prove the family box office still has life when that film releases on July 23.The Top Ten and Beyond: A Quiet Place II Gives Us Another ($100 Million-Sized) Sign of Hope(Photo by Jonny Cournoyer / © Paramount Pictures / courtesy Everett Collection)It finally happened! Mark the date because on June 11, 2011, A Quiet Place Part II became the first film to reach $100 million at the domestic box office since February 23, 2020 when Sonic the Hedgehog did it on its 10th day of release. John Krasinski’s sequel reclaimed the top spot this weekend and took 15 days to reach $100 million while Godzilla vs. Kong has been out in theaters for 75 days (and was available for the first month on HBO Max) and is still chasing the milestone. It is going to get there for the silver medal but how much more help could theaters have received if it had been an exclusive? Would it have inspired even greater confidence in box office viability? All questions that A Quiet Place Part II does not have to answer since, with another $11.7 million this weekend, it keeps itself on pace for possibly over $140 million.Overall, The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It did not have a bad week. It dropped nearly 59% this weekend to $10 million and has $43.8 million in the bank despite a concurrent run on HBO Max. There was a film with similar numbers to these all the way back in 1995: It opened to $24.6 million (Conjuring 3 began with $24.1 million), then fell 56.6% in week two to $10.7 million and had earned $44.5 million at the end of its second weekend, and ultimately finished with just over $81 million. That film was Congo, and all-in-all, Congo numbers would not be bad for Conjuring 3. It would be enough to keep it from being the lowest-grossing film in the Conjuring Universe – Annabelle Comes Home grossed $74.1 million – and is about on par for how we expect sequels to perform: $136 million for the original, $102.5 million for the first sequel, and (possibly) $81 million for the latest film. Would no HBO Max have gotten it to $100 million? Well, let’s see if it gets to $70 million-$75 million first.(Photo by ©2021 Disney Enterprises)Over on the Cruella front, Disney’s latest theatrical release – available for an extra cost on Disney+ – saw its total rise to $56.1 million this weekend after a $6.7 million haul; that is putting the Emma Stone origin tale on a pace for somewhere around $70 million domestic. (Warner Bros. would certainly love to see their “R”-rated horror sequel, which is available at home no extra cost on top of an HBO Max subscription, surpass this one.) Universal may be wishing they had thrown Spirit Untamed on a streaming service instead of giving it a theatrical run as the animated film only made $2.5 million this weekend for a total so far of $10.9 million. In better news for family films, The Croods: A New Age officially passed Tenet this weekend to become the highest-grossing film to open in 2020 during the pandemic.On These Dates In Box Office History…(Photo by Alex Bailey/©Universal Pictures)June 11: In 2012, Snow White and the Huntsman grossed $2.68 million on its 11th day to surpass $100 million. Back in 2000, Ridley Scott’s Gladiator made $2.21 million to cross $150 million on its 38th day. This was a good day for comic book heroes, too, as back in 2006, X-Men: The Last Stand crossed $200 million with $4.41 million on its 17th day; then, in 2017, Wonder Woman did the same with $18.81 million in a week less. Finally, in 2003, The Matrix Reloaded grossed $946,436 on its 28th day to cross $250 million.June 12: The only major milestone of note on this date occurred in 2010 when Shrek Forever After grossed $6.58 million to hit $200 million on its 23rd day.June 13: This was the second day of Jurassic World‘s release in 2015, and it grossed $69.64 million that Saturday and passed $150 million. It took Disney’s Maleficent 15 days to reach that mark a year earlier when it grossed $5.84 million. X-Men: First Class reached the $100 million mark in 11 days in 2011 with $2.72 million. On its 26th day in 2004, Shrek 2 grossed $6.82 million to pass $350 million.On the Vine: A Star-Studded Follow-Up to a Surprise Hit and Two Great DocsSamuel L. Jackson, Ryan Reynolds, and Salma Hayek return on Wednesday next week in The Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard, the sequel to the surprise modest hit that grossed $75.4 million domestically and $176 million worldwide. If you would rather stick to documentaries there are a pair of great ones entering theaters: Rita Moreno: Just A Girl Who Decided To Go For It and Edgar Wright’s The Sparks Brothers about the band, Sparks. Both are at 100% on the Tomatometer.Full List of Box Office Results: June 11-13 91% A Quiet Place Part II (2021)$11.7 million ($109 million total) 96% In the Heights (2021)$11.4 million ($11.4 million total) 67% Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway (2021)$10.4 million ($10.4 million total) 56% The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It (2021)$10 million ($43.8 million total) 74% Cruella (2021)$6.7 million ($56 million total) 45% Spirit Untamed (2021)$2.5 million ($10.9 million total) - - The House Next Door: Meet the Blacks 2 (2021)$1 million ($1 million total) 66% Wrath of Man (2021)$615,000 ($26 million total) 48% Queen Bees (2021)$328,300 ($328,300 total) 36% Spiral: From the Book of Saw (2021)$305,000 ($22.6 million total)Still waiting for box office reports on Godzilla vs. Kong and Mortal Kombat.Erik Childress can be heard each week evaluating box office on&nbsp;WGN Radio&nbsp;with Nick Digilio as well as on&nbsp;Business First AM&nbsp;with Angela Miles and his&nbsp;Movie Madness Podcast.[box office figures via&nbsp;Box Office Mojo]On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Awards, streaming, cancelled, Rocky, TIFF, Red, Month, TV, movies","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/13094852/Quiet-Place-Part-II-Thumbnail.jpg","slug":"weekend-box-office-results-a-quiet-place-upsets-in-the-heights-to-top-weekend-and-pass-100-million"},{"id":"47509043070006","title":"Video: The Fantastic Four Get Lucky","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Fantastic Four Get Luckyby Grae Drake | August 6, 2015 |  CommentsThe Fantastic Four (Miles Teller, Jamie Bell, Kate Mara, and Michael B. Jordan) and Doom (Toby Kebbell) are surprised to find out that a LOT of people want to see their movie. They also discuss their lucky charms, and what&nbsp;you can hide under forty pounds of rubber.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"dceu, The, TV, BET, rt, transformers, Comics, winner","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/fantastic-four-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-the-fantastic-four-get-lucky"},{"id":"47509117942518","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: What Won the Weekend? The Butler Did It!","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: What Won the Weekend? The Butler Did It!We're the Millers and Elysium round out the top three.by Gitesh Pandya | August 18, 2013 |  CommentsThe annual late-summer funk hit the North American box office with only one of the frame’s four new wide releases connecting with audiences. The potential Oscar contender Lee Daniels’ The Butler surprised many with its number one opening grossing an estimated $25M. The PG-13 film averaged a strong $8,527 from 2,933 theaters and was the only wide release this weekend to gross more than $20M or generate an average above $6,000.Starring Forest Whitaker, Butler took advantage of stellar reviews and solid awards buzz and also tapped into co-star Oprah Winfrey’s massive fan base and promotional power. And the road ahead looks bright as new releases over the next couple of weeks do not look to be too distracting for this film’s upscale adult audience plus the glowing A grade from CinemaScore indicates strong word-of-mouth will spread.Butler‘s results were incredibly close to those seen two years ago by The Help, another mid-August period film about African-Americans serving the elite. That film opened to $26M at the same time of year, earned strong reviews and Oscar talk, and had a great CinemaScore (an even better A+). Help went on to finish with $169.7M, four Academy Award nominations including Best Picture, and a win for Best Supporting Actress. There is talk of Winfrey winning in that same category this time while Whitaker could be in the race for Best Actor.Holding steady in second place and displaying terrific staying power was the pot smuggling comedy We’re the Millers which dipped only 33% in its second weekend to an estimated $17.8M. Warner Bros. has collected an impressive $69.5M in ten days and could be headed for a $110-120M domestic final. Critics hated Millers, but paying audiences have found it to be a very entertaining option during the dog days of summer.Matt Damon’s sci-fi outing Elysium fell by 54% in its sophomore round – understandable for a sci-fi film – to an estimated $13.6M putting Sony at $55.9M after ten days. Look for the futuristic flick to end up with around $85M.Opening close behind was the super hero sequel Kick-Ass 2 which disappointed with an estimated $13.6M as well. The Universal release averaged a mediocre $4,615 from 2,940 locations and grossed 32% less than the $19.8M that the first Kick-Ass took in when it bowed in April 2010. Though not a stellar number, it did build a cult following over the years so the follow-up was expected to draw at least the same size audience if not a little bigger. But competition was intense, the target audience has already had more than enough summer action movies, and reviews were negative.The $28M production played, as expected, to a young male crowd. Studio research showed that 63% of the audience was male and 58% was under 25. A B+ CinemaScore showed that fans were moderately pleased with the product, but the huge 29% Friday-to-Saturday tumble indicates an extremely front-loaded run.With nothing new opening for children this weekend, Disney’s animated film Planes held up well declining by 41% to an estimated $13.1M in fifth place. The colorful toon has banked $45.1M so far and could end up with about $75M.The kid-friendly fantasy adventure Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters also fared well in its sophomore frame dropping 42% to an estimated $8.4M. For a sequel it was an encouraging decline, but for a big-budget actioner the overall results are still weak. The Fox release has collected only $38.9M and seems headed for a $55-60M final.Moviegoers didn’t buy into Ashton Kutcher playing a genius as the biopic Jobs flopped in its opening weekend grossing an estimated $6.7M from 2,381 theaters for a poor $2,814 average. The Open Road release about Apple co-founder Steve Jobs earned negative reviews and never really energized paying movie audiences who gave it a lackluster B- grade from CinemaScore.Dropping by half to eighth place was the Denzel Washington-Mark Wahlberg pic 2 Guns with an estimated $5.6M giving Universal $59.2M to date. Sony’s kidpic The Smurfs 2 followed with an estimated $4.6M, off 51%, for a cume of $56.9M. The Wolverine rounded out the top ten with an estimated $4.4M, down 45%, putting Fox at $120.5M.Utterly ignored by moviegoers was the new corporate thriller Paranoia which debuted outside of the top ten to an estimated $3.5M from 2,459 locations for a dismal $1,423 average for Relativity.The top ten films grossed an estimated $112.8M which was down 8% from last year when The Expendables 2 debuted at number one with $28.6M; but up 16% from 2011 when The Help climbed into the top spot with $20M in its second weekend.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Travel, 71st, anime, language, GIFs, TV, best, Shudder","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-What-Won-the-Weekend-The-Butler-Did-It"},{"id":"47508844269855","title":"Five Favorite Films with Moonrise Kingdom‘s Jared Gilman","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Moonrise Kingdom's Jared GilmanPlus, the young star of Wes Anderson's new film talks about working with the director, getting into acting, and his favorite moment with Bill Murray.by Luke Goodsell | June 1, 2012 |  CommentsIt’s been quite the few weeks for Jared Gilman. Just 13 years old, the star of Wes Anderson’s latest Moonrise Kingdom has recently returned from Cannes, where the movie opened the festival to great acclaim, and now finds himself on a press tour as the film is breaking limited release box-office records and drawing some of the best reviews of the director’s career.The praise for Moonrise Kingdom is in no small part due to the performances — both screen debuts — of Gilman and his co-star Kara Hayward, who play Sam and Suzy, two smitten and rebellious 12-year-olds who make a break from their families and set out on an adventure both magical and bittersweet. Bill Murray, Edward Norton, Tilda Swinton and Bruce Willis also star, alongside Anderson’s signature style, of course, which has never been used to more precise emotional effect.We sat down with Gilman recently for a chat about the film and working with Wes Anderson — which sounds great and all, but what was even more impressive was that he learned how to tie his first tie from Bill Murray. Read on for more on that, but first, here are his five favorite films.Moon (Duncan Jones, 2009; 89% Tomatometer)I just really loved Sam Rockwell’s performance. I really liked the twist, and the overall story — I didn’t really get bored with it, concerning the plot. I really liked that.Drive (Nicolas Winding Refn, 2011; 94% Tomatometer)I really liked Drive because of the cinematography, and Ryan Gosling’s performance. He was very quiet, and yet you kind of had an idea of what was going on through his head. That was all really great.The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (Sergio Leone, 1966; 97% Tomatometer)The Good, the Bad and the Ugly — again, the tension that was built in some of the scenes was really great, how you didn’t really need a lot of dialogue and stuff. I never really got bored of the movie, considering its length.Have you seen For a Few Dollars More? That’s my favorite of them.I have not.There’s this great shootout choreographed to the chimes of a music box, it’s fantastic.Oh, I’ll have to see that.The Matrix (Andy Wachowski and Larry Wachowski, 1999; 87% Tomatometer)The Matrix, ’cause it’s just like a real — it’s a great action movie.Kick-Ass (Matthew Vaughn, 2010; 76% Tomatometer)Kick-Ass, again, just a great movie that I had a lot of fun with when I watched it.Were you allowed to watch Kick-Ass? That came out like three years ago.[Laughs.] I didn’t watch it when it immediately came out; I had to wait.Next, we chat with Gilman about his debut performance in Moonrise Kingdom, working with Wes Anderson, and getting some essential life training from Bill Murray.&nbsp;How did you first meet Wes Anderson? I understand there was a long casting search to arrive at you.Well I met Wes after my first callback. I was paired with another girl for a chemistry test, and I think we read like 30 pages of the script together, and we were recorded on their iPhones so they got us on video. Wes seemed like a really nice guy. He seemed really awesome and cool.Did you audition with [co-star] Kara [Hayward]?I never auditioned with Kara. We were both cast and I met up with her in Wes’s office and we did like a chemistry thing there.Did you two develop a friendship during the shoot?Yeah. We did hang out a lot together in the beginning of filming, because it was really just us. We filmed a lot of the “in the woods”-type stuff, the montage and that kind of thing. But yeah, I think we developed a strong relationship.You guys shared your first-ever kiss on screen. Were you nervous, or were you comfortable with each other by then?Yeah. Ah, it was the last thing we filmed and it was a closed set, so we were all very protected and we were also our characters. We were acting, so it’s what our characters wanted.Do you identify with Sam at all?Well, in a ways I’m really different from Sam in the sense that he’s really outdoorsy; he’s a Scout, and I’m very indoorsy. I never could imagine myself being that.You’re a movie fan.[Laughs.] Yes. I’m a video game nerd and movie buff kind of guy. So yeah. But I can relate to Sam in the sense of not fitting in growing up, and that whole sense.What’s it like working within Wes’s directing style — is it very precise? Is there room to move?Well, in the first take he kind of had us act out the scene how we felt we would, how we wanted to. Then as we would do more and more takes he would kind of tweak our performance and make it that much better. And I think that really helped.His movies have a very specific tone to their dialogue. How was it adapting to that style?I mean, I don’t think that was really too hard for me, because through the rehearsals I just kind of got that sense of how he wanted everything to happen; how he kind of thought, I guess. So yeah, it wasn’t hard.Your scenes with Bruce Willis looked like fun.Bruce is really cool. He’s funny. He’s awesome.I love that scene when he pulls out the huge club with the nails in it; it reminded me of Pulp Fiction. Have you seen that yet?I haven’t seen it yet. I want to though, ’cause… [smiles] yeah.&nbsp;I’ve been told Bill Murray had some interesting on-set moments involving a tuba and what not…[Laughs] Yeah. Bill was hilarious.What’s your favorite memory of working with him?Bill Murray taught me how to tie a tie.Oh that’s cool. Was it a bow tie? He’s always wearing bow ties.[Laughs.] No. It was a regular tie. I was at a costume fitting, ’cause I had to wear a costume where I had to wear a tie, and at the time I had no idea how to tie a tie.Some grown men don’t know how.[Laughs.] Yeah. I never really had to wear a tie. In fact, the first time I ever saw a tie I screamed and ran around the house yelling “No tie! No tie!”[Laughs.] That’s a common reaction.[Laughs.] And everyone in the room was all women, so they didn’t know either, and Bill just happened to be right there. He looked over at me and said, “Jared, come over here and I’ll teach you.” So I went over to him and he taught me.There’s something you’ll always have. Your first tie? Bill Murray.Yeah.Kara said she got to keep the kitten. What did you take away from the film?Well, I guess if this counts, I did canoeing lessons before the film and they gave me this oar to kind of practice on, so during filming I thought it would be a good idea to get everyone’s autograph and keep that as kind of like a memory from Moonrise. So I did that. And also, I think it was like a couple of months after filming ended, I got [Sam’s] backpack in the mail.Are you going to pursue acting now, or go back to school?Acting, yeah. Obviously I will stay in school but I’m also gonna be continuing acting. I’m already auditioning for other things. I’m just really hoping that my next movie’s gonna be as good as this. I’m just waiting for the next really great thing, I guess.Anything in particular you’re looking for?I don’t really know what I’m looking for. I guess I’m looking for something that’s really good.[Laughs.] That’s an excellent criteria.[Laughs.]What inspired you to take up acting?I’m not sure. That’s a good question. I’m trying to remember what it was that made me really wanna take acting classes. I guess I was taking acting lessons ’cause I thought it was kind of like a fun thing to do, and then I got my manager and that kind of clicked in some way and I realized I should probably pursue acting as a career — and now I am.Did you do any theater before being cast in the movie?Besides like the mandatory school plays I didn’t do a lot of theater stuff, but I took like acting classes and that kind of thing.Which have you learned more from: the classes, or working with Wes Anderson?I really think that nothing beats the real thing. I think that working with Wes and working on this movie I picked up a lot of stuff. I really learned a lot.Have you been back to your acting classes since the movie?Yeah, I’ve been doing acting classes, like audition prepping, stuff like that.Everyone in your class must be asking you a lot of questions now.Well now I think the classes that I do are more private, they’re more one-on-one type things, but yeah, my friends at school have talked to me about Moonrise.What’s it like being back at school after the movie? Have your friends seen it?Yeah, a couple of my friends have and they’ve all liked it. My friends are very supportive, but they keep me from getting a big head, which I like. They treat me like anyone else.You must feel a little famous. I mean, you’ve been to Cannes — what was that like?Cannes was awesome. It was unbelievable. It was like, ahhhhhhhh…How many cameras were there, like 20 million?It was a lot. A lot. When I was at the press conference I took a second and I looked around and I was in shock.Must have been a little surreal.Yeah, it was really surreal. It was too good for words.Did you go to a lot of parties and schmooze with famous people?Yeah I met a bunch of famous people and stuff like that, and they were all really great. They were congratulating me on my performance and they were all really nice.Anyone in particular stand out?Oh, god. Everyone really stood out. I met Alec Baldwin, Chris Pine, Jessica Chastain… umm, Tim Roth. So many other people, I’m just trying to figure out who to name. It was really awesome. Cannes was a lot of fun. And the last day I was there I spent the day in Nice, which was very… nice. [Laughs.] No pun intended.[Laughs.] Okay I’ll let that one slide. Was that your first time in Europe?No. My dad, at his old job, would go on business trips all around the world, so I used to travel a lot.So, do you have a favorite Wes Anderson film? Had you seen his stuff before working on Moonrise?Well, before I’d seen Fantastic Mr. Fox — and that was truly fantastic. [Laughs.] Again, no pun intended. But now I’ve seen all of his movies and I really have no idea what my favorite one is, to be honest. They’re all really great.Do you think you’ll get to work with him again soon?I mean, I hope. I hope. Hopefully he’ll come up with a role that would suit me. It’d be an honor to work with Wes again.Moonrise Kingdom is now playing in select theatres in the US and in the UK, with more locations to follow soon.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"school, ID, Films, thirty, Shondaland","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/JaredGilman.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-moonrise-kingdoms-jared-gilman"},{"id":"47613552382579","title":"The Weekly Ketchup: \"Spider-Man 4\" Villain Talk, \"Iron Man\" Cast Photo, Disney Scraps Lame Video Sequels, And More!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Weekly Ketchup: \"Spider-Man 4\" Villain Talk, \"Iron Man\" Cast Photo, Disney Scraps Lame Video Sequels, And More!by Nick Hershey | June 29, 2007 |  CommentsIn this week’s Ketchup, Sam Raimi discusses possible options for a fourth \"Spider-Man,\" the cast of \"Iron Man\" is looking rather sharp in the first cast photo, and the Disney brain trust makes a wise business decision.Also, \"Transformers\" unleashes a slick TV spot for those not already excited enough, and \"Kill Bill\" may have two more sequels on the way. Read on.This Week’s Most Popular News:Sam Raimi Discusses \"Spider-Man 4\" VillainsA whole bunch of new bad guys might be on their way … but still no love for The Lizard?First \"Iron Man\" Cast Photo!The guys who are in charge of early marketing for Marvel’s \"Iron Man\" have been keeping us pretty busy over the last few weeks. And now comes a rather cool new cast photo.Disney Halts DTV Sequels! Hooray!Good news all around. Plus, get this: Disney CCO John Lasseter has called the upcoming Tinkerbell movie \"unwatchable.\" Ouch.Powerful New \"Transformers\" AdYou guys know I’ve just recently come around on this \"Transformers\" flick. I was pretty skeptical at first, but with each new trailer and promo spot, I’m getting just a little more geeked for the movie…Is Tarantino Preparing Two \"Kill Bill\" Sequels?Well, according to one source he sure seems to be … maybe.A little more of this Kiddo wouldn’t hurt.In Other News:Laurence Fishburne and indie production company A-Mark have acquired rights to Paulo Coelho’s spiritual adventure novel \"The Alchemist,\" with Fishburne having completed a screenplay, and also planning to direct.\"V For Vendetta\" helmer James McTeigue will direct \"Bangkok 8,\" the first in a three book best-selling mystery series by John Burdett.Bradley Cooper will star with Sandra Bullock in the comedy \"All About Steve,\" for Fox 2000 Pictures, with Phil Traill making his directorial debut.Shoreline Entertainment has set Jeremiah Chechik to direct the adaptation of Kem Nunn’s novel \"Pomona Queen.\"David Ondaatje will direct the remake of Alfred Hitchcock‘s first film, \"The Lodger\" for Sony Pictures.Stephen St. Leger and James Mather will write and direct \"The Lost Squad,\" based on the Devil’s Due comic written by Chris Kirby and drawn by Alan Robinson.William Wisher (writer of \"Terminator 2\") will write and produce \"Escape of the Pacific Clipper\" for 20th Century Fox.\"We Are Marshall\" screenwriter Jamie Linden will adapt Nicholas Sparks‘ novel \"Dear John\" for New Line Cinema, with Channing Tatum set to star.George Hickenlooper will adapt and direct Colin MacKinnon’s espionage thriller \"Morning Spy, Evening Spy,\" with Todd Traina producing.Mos Def will star in and executive produce the drama \"Bobby Zero,\" with brothers Markus and Mason Canter writing and directing.Arielle Kebbel and Emily Browning have joined Elizabeth Banks and David Strathairn in the remake of Ji-Woon Kim‘s \"A Tale of Two Sisters.\"Djimon Hounsou will star in the drama \"Get Some,\" with Jeff Wadlow directing for Summit Entertainment.Megan Fox has joined Simon Pegg, Kirsten Dunst, Jeff Bridges and Danny Huston in the cast of \"How to Lose Friends and Alienate People,\" the adaptation of the Toby Young memoir being directed by Bob Weide.Let’s hope he gets a quality remake.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"TIFF, TV, Ellie, Hear, slashers, hist, book, Discovery, A24, camera, concert, Yoda","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"the-weekly-ketchup-spiderman-4-villain-talk-iron-man-cast-photo-disney-scraps-lame-video-sequels-and-more"},{"id":"47509069137163","title":"Video:  Paul Rudd Gets His Face Licked","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Paul Rudd Gets His Face Lickedby Grae Drake | December 17, 2013 |  CommentsIt all started out as an innocent question. But then, Grae Drake’s purest of intentions quickly snowballed into a bacchanalia of tongues and giggles. And they didn’t talk about Anchorman 2 at all.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Walt, Searchlight, HBO, Paramount, potter, superman, Arrangement, Sundance, Peek, green, children's, Classic","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-paul-rudd-gets-his-face-licked"},{"id":"47508672425692","title":"Why You Should Binge the First Two Seasons of House of Cards Right Now","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Why You Should Binge the First Two Seasons of House of Cards Right NowThere's still time to catch up before season three drops on Feb. 27.by Ryan Fujitani | February 18, 2015 |  CommentsWith the third season of Netflix’s Emmy and Golden Globe-winning drama scheduled for release on February 27, it’s a great time to get caught up on the career of predatory politician Francis Underwood. We won’t spoil any details for those who have yet to stream the series, but since the season will — in the tradition of Netflix programming — be released in its entirety, it’s probably a good idea to catch up quickly.&nbsp;House of CardsWhat’s the premise? A wily and ambitious congressman utilizes his considerable influence to climb his way up the political ladder, manipulating colleagues along the way and leaving unsuspecting victims in his wake.What’s it like? Frank Underwood is not a nice man, but he is, for better or worse, the show’s central figure. He manipulates, wheedles, gladhands, seethes, rants, negotiates, and plots behind closed doors, all to fulfill his personal vendettas. In that sense, the series is something like a fusion of The West Wing‘s political gamesmanship and Boardwalk Empire‘s ruthless misanthropy. If Nucky Thompson ran for Congress and decided he wanted some payback for being overlooked for a cabinet position, it might look something like House of Cards. With more tommy guns.Where can I see it? Both season one and two of House of Cards are available on Netflix, of course, but they’re also available on Amazon and Vudu. The only place to see season three when it premieres, however, will be on Netflix.How long will it take? Both seasons clock in at 13 hourlong episodes (plus or minus a few minutes), so you can easily run through the whole lot of them before season three debuts. If you’re highly caffeinated, you might even be able to get through all 26 episodes in a single, dedicated weekend.What do the critics think? Both seasons one and two of House of Cards are Certified Fresh at 84 percent and 85 percent, respectively. While Kevin Spacey’s icy demeanor and brutal tactics as Frank Underwood initially left some critics feeling a bit icky, most echoed the sentiments of IGN’s Roth Cornet, who wrote, “The production is as sleek and well executed as any you would expect from this caliber of talent, and a match for most high-end cable programs.” The series’ first season also made history when it became the first online-only program to take home a Golden Globe (Outstanding Lead Actress for Robin Wright), and Spacey himself just picked one up back in January for his performance in season two.Why should I watch this? The first and foremost reason to queue up House of Cards is two-time Oscar winner Kevin Spacey, who plays Frank Underwood with a quiet, diabolical menace that simmers just beneath the surface of his smarmy demeanor. He’s not the only one who shines, though; Kate Mara is deceptively cunning as ambitious journalist Zoe Barnes, and Robin Wright’s work as Underwood’s equally clever wife Claire is outstanding. Beyond the acting, there are also some fine folks in the director’s chair, including David Fincher (who previously worked with Spacey on Seven and won an Emmy for the pilot episode), James Foley (Glengarry Glen Ross), and Allen Coulter (The Sopranos, Boardwalk Empire), just to name a few. Thankfully, House of Cards puts its wealth of talent to good use, as series creator/writer Beau Willimon deftly weaves together Underwood’s political machinations, his marital struggles, and various subplots in service of a densely plotted revenge narrative. The series’ cynicism and slow-burn pacing may not appeal to everyone, but we dare you not to be hooked after the first episode.What’s my next step? House of Cards is actually an American adaptation of a 1990 British miniseries of the same name, which was itself an adaptation of a 1989 novel by Michael Dobbs called — you guessed it — House of Cards, so those would be logical places to start. Dobbs also penned two sequels, To Play the King and The Final Cut, which were again adapted into UK miniseries, and since it appears Netflix isn’t necessarily drawing from those works for subsequent seasons of its own series, you should feel safe checking them out without worrying about spoilers. If you blow through the show and you’re looking for some similar fare on television, you might enjoy The Good Wife, The West Wing, the UK series State of Play, or even Scandal. Political thrillers are popular on the big screen, so you’ve got a rich variety of films to choose from, including The Ides of March (also written by Beau Willimon), All the President’s Men, State of Play (based on the series mentioned above), Advise and Consent, and, if you need something a little lighter, try In the Loop or Bob Roberts.What do you like about House of Cards? How would you explain it to a newbie? Get in on the conversation here.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"007, Network, TV, Apple, 72","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/House-of-Cards.jpg","slug":"why-you-should-binge-the-first-two-seasons-of-house-of-cards-right-now"},{"id":"47509021738869","title":"Video: Jennifer Hudson Masters the “Laugh and Clap”","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jennifer Hudson Masters the \"Laugh and Clap\"by Grae Drake | April 14, 2017 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake spoke with Jennifer Hudson about how&nbsp;Sandy Wexler, played by Adam Sandler, is the king of the fake laugh; and also how the “laugh and clap” is useful in any situation. Check it out!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Competition, Festival, dramedy, Bowl, cancelled, free, Studios, joker, Arts, Action, awards, Films, comics, curtis, series","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/14133056/Jennifer-Hudson-Representative.jpg","slug":"video-jennifer-hudson-masters-the-laugh-and-clap"},{"id":"47509028533169","title":"Video: Gal Gadot is a Terrible Liar","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Gal Gadot is a Terrible Liarby Grae Drake | October 17, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake played some HR games with the cast&nbsp;from&nbsp;Keeping Up With The Joneses&nbsp;(Zach Galifianakis, Jon Hamm, Maribeth Monroe, Matt Walsh, Isla Fisher, and Gal Gadot), including some name-word association (and got a saucy new nickname in the process), plus the classic “Two Truths and A Lie” (where we discover Gal Gadot can’t lie), and then some talk about shoes got political. How? Watch!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"streaming, Awards, 45, E!","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/17160935/Gal-Gadot-Isla-Fisher-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-gal-gadot-is-a-terrible-liar"},{"id":"47611935080585","title":"The Indie Fresh List: Peanut Butter Falcon Soars, New Docs Put Toni Morrison, Anton Yelchin in Focus","content":"Indie Fresh Listvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Indie Fresh List: Peanut Butter Falcon Soars, New Docs Put Toni Morrison, Anton Yelchin in FocusCheck out the latest Fresh indie releases, what's still in theaters, and what's coming soon.by Jacqueline Coley | August 9, 2019 |  CommentsJoin us weekly as&nbsp;Rotten Tomatoes reports on what’s opening, expanding, and coming to the specialty box office. From promising releases from new voices to&nbsp;experimental efforts&nbsp;from storied filmmakers – or perhaps the next indie darling to go the distance for end-of-year accolades – we will break it all down for you here each week in Fresh&nbsp;Indie Finds.&nbsp;This week at the specialty box office, we’re leaning into documentaries with a&nbsp;look at&nbsp;the&nbsp;late Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison, an intimate dive into the too-short life of actor Anton Yelchin,&nbsp;and a careful examination of China’s one-child policy and its lasting impacts. Plus, there’s a new heart-warmer starring Shia LaBeouf. In the indie trailer section, we’re getting our first looks at&nbsp;upcoming titles from Will Forte in a hilarious-looking sci-fi comedy to a taut thriller with&nbsp;Sir Ben Kingsley.Opening This WeekendLove, Antosha (2019)  97%&nbsp;The news of Anton Yelchin’s tragic death in a freak accident back in January 2016 stunned the entertainment community.&nbsp;In Love, Antosha&nbsp;we discover the man behind the iconic roles, the tight-knit family in which he grew up, and learn about his own personal struggles. A true Renaissance man, Yelchin was passionate about film, photography, writing, and music and approached life with the zeal of someone who seemed perhaps to sense his time was short. The movie, which The New York Times‘ Glenn Kenny calls an “affectionate, heartbreaking documentary,” sees the actor’s life and legacy celebrated by his family, his closest friends, and collaborators.Playing screens in New York and Los Angeles&nbsp;this weekend, expanding to limited screens on&nbsp;August 30.&nbsp;One Child Nation (2019)  98%&nbsp;China’s one-child policy – instated in the 1980s to curb the ballooning population rate – has had&nbsp;a profound&nbsp;effect on the nation. To protect the country from potential&nbsp;starvation, the government enacted the social experiment with militaristic zeal, and the collateral damage of&nbsp;the zero-tolerance policy is still wreaking havoc on the lives of Chinese people today, years after the end of the program. Co-directors&nbsp;Jialing Zhang and Nanfu Wang carefully document the policy, its implementation, and thoughts from those it affected, including their own families. Eric Kohn of IndieWire&nbsp;calls&nbsp;One Child Nation a&nbsp;“brilliant combination of cultural reporting and interpersonal reckoning’ is also a heavy favorite for end of year honors.”Playing New York and Los Angeles&nbsp;this weekend,&nbsp;expanding to limited screens on Aug 15.&nbsp;The Peanut Butter Falcon (2019)  94%When we&nbsp;spoke to&nbsp;Shia&nbsp;LaBeouf about his recent performance in the&nbsp;Certified Fresh indie flick&nbsp;Peanut Butter Falcon, he confessed that he left the set “a changed man.” Having seen the hilarious and heartwarming tale, we can see why the actor and critics are calling it a transformative experience. Lead actor Zack Gottsagen first met co-directors Tyler Nilson and Michael Schwartz at a retreat for young adults with Down syndrome, and told them he wanted to be a movie star. When they replied that it was difficult for an actor with disabilities to be cast in feature films, Gottsagen quipped back: “Well why don’t you go make a movie for me?” And they did. The result is a modern-day Huckleberry Finn, centered on of a young man with dreams of wrestling stardom and drifter whose lives intersect and are changed forever.Playing New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, Austin, Denver, Charlotte, and Salt Lake City this weekend, expanding to limited screens on Aug 15.&nbsp;Fresh and Still in TheatersToni Morrison: The Pieces I Am (2019)  97%Spotlight Pick!Following her death early this week, we wanted to remind everyone that&nbsp;this documentary about one of America’s most powerful literary voices is still in theaters.&nbsp;Toni Morrison:&nbsp;The Pieces I Am&nbsp;examines the life and legacy of the Beloved&nbsp;writer in a compelling and profound treatment that is currently one of the best-reviewed documentaries of the year. In the film,&nbsp;Morrison is shown as a writer who remained committed&nbsp;to telling stories from and about the African American experience right up until the end. She, her collaborators, critics, and fans all provide commentary on her life and the tiny pieces&nbsp;that, when combined, equal who she is as a writer, activist, and storyteller.Along with… Maiden (2019) ,&nbsp;which chronicles the trials and tribulations of the first all-female sailing crew to enter the&nbsp;Whitbread Round the World Yacht Race. The Art of Self-Defense (2019) , in which&nbsp;Jessie Eisenberg takes the lead in a dark and hilarious take on the&nbsp;awkward loner. The Farewell (2019) , in which a&nbsp;family opts to conduct an elaborate lie to spare their beloved matriarch and grandmother from the pain of a terminal diagnosis.&nbsp;Expanding&nbsp;wide this weekend. The Biggest Little Farm (2019) , in which filmmaker-turned-farmer&nbsp;John Chester chronicles his and his wife’s seven-year mission to build a sustainable large-scale organic farm in Southern California.New Indie TrailersExtra Ordinary (2020)  98%&nbsp;Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless&nbsp;Mind&nbsp;looks set to meet&nbsp;Ghostbusters in this absurdist sci-fi comedy about ghosts starring Will Forte.Gwen (2019)  72%A&nbsp;young girl, Gwen, tries desperately to&nbsp;save her family home as she is&nbsp;beset by unseen and mysterious forces who torment her and her loved ones.Spider in the Web (2019)  75%&nbsp;Ben Kingsley is a spy searching&nbsp;for redemption in his final days before retirement, attempting to&nbsp;untangle an intricate web of lies to finally&nbsp;uncover the truth.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Century, Brie, Crunchyroll, IFC, and, spain, Go, halloween, Box, Mudbound","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"the-indie-fresh-list-peanut-butter-falcon-soars-new-docs-put-toni-morrison-anton-yelchin-in-focus"},{"id":"47509060117705","title":"Video: Matt Walsh is a Life-Saver","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Matt Walsh is a Life-Saverby Grae Drake | July 18, 2014 |  CommentsIt’s clear to anyone who sees her that Grae Drake would be useless in a disaster. Matt Walsh, star of Into the Storm in theaters August 8th, takes a look through her emergency “bug out” bag and helps her figure out exactly what disasters she’s prepared for.Watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"service, Tour, TV, Reality, MTV, Fox, Skip, Plus, thriller, critics, adaptation, Black, Music","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-matt-walsh-is-a-life-saver"},{"id":"47509026942885","title":"Video: The Many Interpretations of Nocturnal Animals","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: The Many Interpretations of Nocturnal Animalsby RT Staff | November 18, 2016 |  CommentsKit Bowen&nbsp;talked to Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, Isla Fisher, Armie Hammer, and writer/director Tom Ford&nbsp;from&nbsp;Nocturnal Animals&nbsp;about&nbsp;their individual interpretations of the film: from metaphors of the heart, to worshiping false idols, and meditations on loss. Watch!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"satire, screen, Syfy, heist, Emmy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/18111219/Nocturnal-Animals-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-the-many-interpretations-of-nocturnal-animals"},{"id":"47613343307272","title":"\"Forty Shades of Blue\" Takes Top Award at Sundance","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})\"Forty Shades of Blue\" Takes Top Award at Sundanceby RT Staff | January 31, 2005 |  CommentsIra Sachs’ \"Forty Shades of Blue\" took the grad prize for drama at Sundance, the New York Daily News reports. \"Hustle &amp; Flow,\" directed by Craig Brewer, won the audience prize; \"Why We Fight,\" directed by Eugene Jarecki, received the documentary award. Amy Adams, who stars in \"Junebug,\" and Lou Pucci, starring in \"Thumbsucker,\" received special jury prizes for acting. Noah Baumbach was awarded both the dramatic directing and Waldo Salt screenwriting awards for \"The Squid and the Whale.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"renewed, Worst, crime, rom-coms, America, Games, science, Heroines, Mindy, BBC, Reality, series","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"forty-shades-of-blue-takes-top-award-at-sundance"},{"id":"47508854464885","title":"Five Favorite Films with Rupert Grint","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Rupert GrintThe star of Harry Potter and this week's Wild Target reveals the movies that work their magic on him.by Luke Goodsell | October 27, 2010 |  CommentsHe’s instantly recognizable to millions of fans as the redoubtable Ron Weasley, loyal sidekick to Harry Potter and romantic interest to Hermione Granger in the films of J.K. Rowling’s series; a phenomenon that will soon reach fever pitch with the November release of the penultimate Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I. But 22-year-old Rupert Grint has also been putting together a resume of smaller, character-driven films on the side, the latest of which, Wild Target, opens in US theaters this week. In this very British crime caper, Grint plays a kid who stumbles upon a deadly scenario and inadvertently becomes an apprentice hitman to Bill Nighy, all while getting to snuggle up to Emily Blunt and trade quips with the likes of Martin Freeman and Rupert Everett. RT was lucky enough to catch Rupert recently and pose that eternal question: “Will there ever be a rainbow?” We then asked him his Five Favorite Films.Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (1971, 90% Tomatometer)I have never gotten this film out of my head. The disturbing humor and strong characters make it one of the favorites that I regularly watch.Eraserhead (1977, 90% Tomatometer)Watching Eraserhead is like living in a nightmare: quite uncomfortable, and a distressing experience — which is why I love it.Dead Man’s Shoes (2004,58% Tomatometer)I really like [director] Shane Meadows, and any film with a revenge storyline. I love the soundtrack, and it has a great cast and a really unexpected twist at the end.Arthur (1981,89% Tomatometer)Dudley Moore is a legend. I only discovered this film recently but I fell in love with it.The Stuff (1985,63% Tomatometer)I’m a big ‘B’ movie fan, and for me this ticks every ‘B’ movie box. It must be the most original idea for a monster — an evil mass-produced dessert. It’s got the strangest characters I’ve ever seen in a film, which makes it a forever favorite of mine.Wild Target is in theaters October 29.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"TV","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/sfdasd.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-rupert-grint"},{"id":"47508855911813","title":"Five Favorite Films with Ali Larter","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Ali LarterThe Resident Evil: Afterlife actress also talks about working dogs and special effects.by RT Staff | July 25, 2010 |  CommentsAfter doing a number of small roles on television shows, Ali Larter turned heads with her performance in Varsity Blues, where she played Darcy Sears, aka “the girl with the whipped cream bikini.” From there, Larter expanded her resume to include parts in films as diverse as Final Destination, Legally Blonde, and A Lot Like Love. She got perhaps her biggest break as one of the central characters on NBC’s Heroes, which then led to a role in 2007’s Resident Evil: Extinction. This September, Larter once again steps into the shoes of Claire Redfield in Resident Evil: Afterlife, and we were able to catch up with her at Comic-Con to talk about her Five Favorite Films, as well was what it was like coming back to the franchise. Read on for the full interview.Scarface (1983,88% Tomatometer)I just caught Scarface again last night, and I love it. I love the saga of it, I love the action part of it, I love the danger part of it.The Bourne Identity (2002,82% Tomatometer)I love The Bourne Identity. I’m obsessed with conspiracy theory spy thrillers. I love spy thrillers.Do you like the sequels?I love them, too, but if I have to pick five… I’ll put the three all in one. The Bourne trilogy, I just think, is incredible. I absolutely adore that.Best in Show (2000,94% Tomatometer)Best in Show. Always laughing. I just think it’s hysterical.Do you have dogs yourself?I do. One autistic, a little retarded, so it just kind of works perfectly. [laughs] She’s slightly autistic. I got her from the Beverly Center when I was 24 years old. My little inbred angel. [laughs] My husband bought a rescued German shepherd who has horrible seizures, so we have a crazy family of animals.Blue Sky (1994,72% Tomatometer)Blue Sky. I love Blue Sky. It was just very inspiring to me, and I love that movie. Jessica Lange is such a huge inspiration to me, because she plays these very sexual, dark characters, but also she shows vulnerability and innocence. And I think that contrast is something that I’m just very drawn to watch.Do you try to find roles that are like that?It’s just something that inspires me and excites me, so probably, because that’s what I’m drawn to, because that’s what I find interesting.Grey Gardens (1975,100% Tomatometer)You can put the Grey Gardens documentary in there. That’s pretty amazing. You know, Mike Sucsy is a friend of ours and I think he did such an extraordinary job in remaking that movie. I thought it was great, and so colorful and fun, you know, to watch Drew Barrymore really stretch herself, and Jessica Lange again. She’s just incredible. But Grey Gardens really is a great documentary. I love watching documentaries. Slice of life, you know?Next, Larter talks about her new film and what it’s like to work with heavy special effects.RT: Let’s talk about Resident Evil: Afterlife.Ali Larter: I haven’t seen it yet. I’m excited to see this clip today, because a lot of the things — especially with this, I was so excited to work on it, to come back, because Paul [W.S. Anderson] was directing it, and he’s the vision of these movies — a lot of the time you’ll read the script, and you’ll go to shoot it, but it doesn’t make sense, and to have him on set to really explain it, or to say, “Just do it, because I know where it’s going to go in the movie,” because he has the movie in his head.So you’re working with Paul, and you’re working with 3D. Does that change the dynamic of how the movie was shot?Definitely. Well, Paul brings an amazing energy to the set. He’s so happy and welcoming, and he brings such a good attitude, that it really starts from the director down. And Milla [Jovovich] is that way, too. You know, for both of us, it’s really important that we have fun while we’re working, and that you keep your spirits high. You don’t bring your problems to work, you don’t complain. I mean, we’re so lucky to be doing what we’re doing, that both of us have always talked about how we like to bring our A-game, and bring a great attitude. But with this, I can’t wait to see the movie because it’s in his head. It was all special effects, we’re in 3D, you know, and I had no idea what it was going to look like. So a lot of the time, these huge sequences I’m going to see for the first time, because [when we’re filming] I’m looking at dots on the screen. That, for me, is the greatest challenge on these movies, but you just have to laugh at yourself, let go of the ego, have fun, and just allow it all to go down.Resident Evil: Afterlife, starring Milla Jovovich and Ali Larter, opens in the US on September 10.Be sure to check out the rest of our 2010 Comic-Con coverage in our San Diego Comic-Con 2010 Headquarters.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"caribbean, black","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Five-Favorite-Films-with-Ali-Larter"},{"id":"47508857427345","title":"Five Favorite Films with George A. Romero","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with George A. RomeroThe Grandfather of the Zombie stops by The Rotten Tomatoes Show.by RT Staff | June 9, 2010 |  CommentsSince the release of Night of the Living Dead in 1968, George A. Romero has been earning his reputation as “The Grandfather of the Zombie.” And over the past forty years, Romero has given zombies life on the big screen in films like Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead, and Land of the Dead. In his latest effort, the ironically titled Survival of the Dead, Romero continues building on the reputation that has been his Hollywood trademark.If you’re interested in learning more about Romero’s favorites, they’re listed here:On the Waterfront (1954) at 100%The Thing From Another World (1951) at 88%The Quiet Man (1952) at 91%Othello (1952) at 90%Tales of Hoffmann (1951) at 100%","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Columbia, King, Network, YouTube","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-george-a-romero"},{"id":"47508859029923","title":"Five Favorite Films with Jesse Ventura","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Jesse VenturaThe former wrestler/actor/governor also talks about conspiracies and his new TV show.by Matt Atchity | December 1, 2009 |  CommentsAt the ripe age of 58, Jesse “The Body” Ventura (or James George Janos, as his parents named him) has had quite the colorful life. The former biker and Navy SEAL entered the wrestling ring in the mid-70s and found fame in the WWF during the 80s. From there, he embarked on an acting career that included roles in films like Ricochet, The Running Man, and probably most notably Predator, the latter two alongside fellow governor-to-be Arnold Schwarzenegger. The Body then went on to run successful political campaigns, first for mayor, and then for Governor of Minnesota, and picked up surfing in the meantime. So what hasn’t Jesse Ventura done, exactly?Well, for starters, he hasn’t hosted his own reality TV show. But even that’s about to change, as truTV gets set to launch Ventura’s latest endeavor, Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, a show that strives to unravel some of the biggest conspiracy theories of our time. RT had the opportunity to chat with Ventura about his Five Favorite Films, his new show, and what conspiracies “got to” him.&nbsp;Jaws (1975,100% Tomatometer)Because they did great character buildup in it. By the time they got out and were battling the shark, you knew the three characters intimately. I think we lose that in a lot of our movies today — they’re so set in throwing the action at you as quick as they can. They don’t allow the character to develop to where you can feel for the character and I think Jaws did a marvelous, fantastic job with the three characters on the boat and the action – how they held the scene with the shark for as long as they did — the shocking moments of it.Full Metal Jacket (1987,96% Tomatometer)I love Full Metal Jacket because Stanley Kubrick made the most authentic boot camp film I’ve ever seen. It is so right on — my wife is appalled while she watches it and I’m sitting in the chair laughing my guts out. Kubrick was willing to take that chance [on R.Lee Ermey]. He had originally hired Ermey to be a consultant, but he realized “Wait a minute; this guy did it for eight years, who could do it better than him?” That’s what gave it full credibility because Ermey is doing exactly what he did for eight years, and that is create Marine corp recruit boot camp kids. It’s so authentic, you love it! The way the whole film breaks down, it’s one of my favorites.JFK (1991,82% Tomatometer)I have had a passion for it and I think Oliver Stone’s editing between now and then was done remarkably well. The film had great flow to it. He threw all the mud on the wall and he allowed you to sift your way through it and choose what you wanted to believe and what you didn’t. I thought the acting in it was just outstanding with the full array of all the characters. It’s a marvelous cast and done very accurately.Riding Giants (2004,92% Tomatometer)I’ll throw in my favorite documentary, which is Riding Giants. Any time it’s on, I stop what I’m doing and watch it because I’ve embraced the surfer lifestyle now. I’ve been in a 23 footer on Waimea and I was out there without a board. I had to and my wife thought I was crazy and my children were begging me not to go, but they were 23 feet that day on the North End. The Super Bowl was on and I didn’t care about the Super Bowl. I had to go out there when I got there just to do it. I’m an old frog man, you know?Caddyshack (1980,76% Tomatometer)Not to be political, but if we go comedic, I have to make it a three way tie between Animal House, American Graffiti, and Caddyshack. I can’t pick one of the three. If I finish with a comedic film, it’s a three way tie. I love things about all of them. They’re marvelous.Next, Ventura talks about the creation of his new TV show and what conspiracies got him spooked.RT: So this is an interesting TV show you have coming up.Jesse Ventura: It’s very interesting. Probably the biggest question I’m being asked is how did I get it made? It is interesting because we’re going to places that people don’t want you to go to apparently and certainly our government doesn’t because we offer them the opportunity on multiple occasions and multiple shows to participate and all we get is stonewalled. Then they wonder why conspiracy theories rise up? When you have an entity that won’t be truthful or forthcoming, it opens the gate to conspiracy. That’s what happens here and we simply tell the conspiracy side of the story and allow the viewer to decide whether they want to believe it or not. I will say this, you can choose not to believe any of the seven, but if you watch them and pay attention, they will scare you.As a fan of conspiracy theories, I have to ask if there is one that really gets you.JV: Surprisingly, the one we do on 2012. I’ll say that one was the surprise one that got to me. Then of course, my favorite is going to be 9/11 because that’s the one you’re not allowed to talk about or ask any questions about. In our society now, you’re not allowed to ask any questions about 9/11 otherwise Geraldo, O’Reilly and them cast you as being an unpatriotic buffoon if you simply ask a question.When I went through Navy Seal training, something O’Reilly, Hannity and all those guys would never dare to do, in the demolition portion, I had a Chief Warrant Officer that taught me that there is no dumb question. I think that’s a pretty good attitude to have when you’re working with demolition. So I’ve lived my life believing there is not a dumb question if you don’t know the answer to it. 9/11 is one of these where you’re not allowed to ask any questions and they think if you do, [the questions are] dumb. There is no dumb question. If I don’t understand it, it’s not dumb. I’m willing to take the heat for it. I’m willing to do that to get the questions out there.Some would say that it’s interesting you’re going with a reality show after being Governor and having a successful film career. A lot of people might choose to go back into film.JV: I’ll do that too if the right part comes around. I made a conscious decision when I moved to Mexico that this point in my lifetime is more important than money. I’m in a fortunate position where I can make that choice. Right now, time is more important than money. I’m going to do things that I want to do. One of them is my adventure in Mexico and the other is this show.This show is out on the razor’s edge. It’s going to be controversial as hell and I’ll be able to retreat into the depths of the Baja surfing and never have to suffer any of the consequences. [laughs] I’m very much a good Navy Seal, we fight when it’s in our favor. [laughs] When it’s not, we go into hiding. I’m only doing what I was trained to do. [laughs] I hope everyone watches these shows and realizes how exciting they were to make. The topics are things that could affect all of us. Pay attention to them because if there’s any shred that they are the truth, they’re scary as hell. I got frightened doing a couple of these shows.Which ones frightened you?JV: 2012 did. It’s the Mayan calendar that goes beyond the Mayans. The Mayans were very smart in what they did and they knew a lot about the heavens and the universe. But there’s stuff we learned from NASA that says the Mayans are right on. You’re going to have to watch the show to find that what that is. If it’s true, we better be paying attention to it. When scientists are telling you it’s true, that becomes more than folklore. Also, the Manchurian Candidate mind-control one will blow your mind.Did you go into any stories skeptically and you really got convinced otherwise?JV: Global warming. I fully believed global warming and now I’m a skeptic because of the solution. The solution is Cap and Trade, and Cap and Trade is nothing but a shell game. It doesn’t solve the problem and that’s what leads me to believe that global warming is only for profiteering. Because why would they not do legislation that addresses the issue? With Cap and Trade, you can be a polluter and simply buy your way out of it and continue to pollute at the same level. How does that stop the global warming then? It only makes money for somebody. There is an old saying, “Don’t believe what people say, believe what they do.” When the solution is how to raise revenue, take it with a grain of salt.Catch truTV’s new show starring Jesse Ventura, Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, on Wednesdays at 10pm E/P, beginning tomorrow night. For more Five Favorite Films,visit our archive.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"dogs, NBC, Comic-Con, drama, FX, Cartoon","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/JesseVentura.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-jesse-ventura"},{"id":"47508860545447","title":"Five Favourite Films with 24‘s Carlos Bernard","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favourite Films with 24's Carlos BernardTony Almeida himself chats Season 7 with RT.by Joe Utichi | October 23, 2009 |  Comments24 star Carlos Bernard is one of the show’s few fixtures. With all the double-crossings, cliff-hangers and back-stabbings, it’s a wonder anyone has survived from the first season, but his character Tony Almeida was an integral part of the season just aired, the seventh in the show’s run. All indications suggest that he’ll be back in a big way for Day 8, set to kick off in January.The actor came to London this week to promote the DVD release of the Season 7 – also available on Blu-ray for the first time – and RT sat down with him to guage his five favourite films, talk about the show and do our best to learn all we could about Day 8. We failed spectacularly on the latter point, for he chose instead to invent an plot implausible even by 24 standards, but read on for the rest…Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…The Godfather I+II“It’s just incredible… everything. Incredible acting, writing, cinematography; they’re just amazing films, really.”Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…Blade Runner“Because of the world that they create. I’m a big fan of Harrison Ford, especially in that movie. The whole world that they create in that film is just spectacular.”Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…The Verdict“It’s my favourite Paul Newman [film]. Paul Newman is one of my favourite actors, and this is his greatest performance. It’s just a great story of coming back from the abyss to reclaim his life. It’s a really well told story.”Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…Gladiator“I love Gladiator. It’s such a fun movie, so well done, well acted; a beautiful film.”Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…Glengarry Glen Ross“The writing is fantastic. The director took the material and did what I didn’t think was really possible with that play. Again the performances are just amazing”Click on a thumbnail below.Godfather I+IIBlade RunnerThe VerdictGladiatorGlengarry…Continue onto the second page as we chat 24 Season 7 with Bernard, and learn the secrets he’s willing to spill about Day 8…Did you imagine when 24 started that you’d still be talking about it and doing it 7 or 8 years later?Carlos Bernard: No. First of all you read the scripts. The scripts may be fantastic, but it’s absolutely no guarantee that it’s going to be worth seeing once it’s been shot and put together. This show especially, when people were first looking at it, they really didn’t think it had a shot. They didn’t think it would even make it through one season, much less seven, which is crazy.What do you think is the secret of the show’s success?CB: In the first season, when we were working on it, we really didn’t know who was good and who was bad. A lot of the characters I played before 24 were darker characters, the antagonists, so I’m always attracted to darker characters. In the first season, I really played him the possibility of winding up either way, and I think that the show, and the style of the show, lends itself to be both; to allow both worlds to go on within the character, which is the way it is in life. We’re all light and dark, we all have the capacity for things we haven’t done, or maybe things we have done but keep secret.So I definitely allowed for the possibility with him to go dark, but I think the way it’s evolved through the years, and then what finally took him over into where he is in Season 7, has worked out nicely. I don’t think you could have possibly planned all that from the beginning but certainly from the beginning I wanted to allow the space for him to possibly go there.You’ve worked with some in incredible actors over the years, is it a tight ensemble on the show?CB: It’s a strange show because so many people come and go, there are very few of us who have been there from the start. As far as the unit goes, it’s really the crew, our main directors, writers, myself and Keifer. And yeah, we’re very tight; it’s a very collaborative environment. The writers and creators have really allowed us to help shape the script as we go along if we feel the need on set, so in that sense there’s a real collaborative environment that was created by Joel Surnow and Bob Cochran off the bat and has continued through the years.Does having those new faces in the cast help to keep things fresh?CB: It does keep it fresh with new actors certainly, but definitely the characters as well. Different characters bounce off the old ones, and those dynamics aren’t the same as the dynamics between the main characters, so it makes things different. That definitely helps keep the show fresh.So can you give us any sense of where Tony Almeida is going or where the show is going to go into Season 8?CB: Yeah, Tony runs for President and loses at first but… He doesn’t take the loss very well! He doesn’t take any loss very well, actually. But he ends… well I can’t tell you any more, that’s as much as I can tell you without spoiling it.Given the events of Season 7, he’s got the credentials to run for office!CB: [Laughs] You’re right.Do you see 24 continuing for another seven years?CB: I don’t think so, no. I didn’t see 24 lasting through the first season so I’m not much of a prophet in that sense, but I don’t think so. Personally I think season 8 will be our last year. That’s my guess anyway. But I thought Season 1 would be the last year, so what do I know?24 Season 7 is out on DVD and Blu-ray now.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Network, Walking, mockumentary, 72, Universe, the, marvel, jurassic, LGBTQ, love, Awards, kaiju, Studios, die","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/CarlosBernard.jpg","slug":"five-favourite-films-with-24s-carlos-bernard"},{"id":"47508860596661","title":"Five Favorite Films with Zoe Bell","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Zoe BellThe Angel of Death star chats with RT about Quentin Tarantino and her transition from stuntwoman to actressby Jen Yamato | July 27, 2009 |  CommentsNative New Zealander Zoe Bell spent years as an accomplished stunt double for Lucy Lawless of Xena: Warrior Princess before doubling for Uma Thurman on Quentin Tarantino’s Kill Bill films. After establishing a rapport with the auteur, Tarantino opened the doors to her acting career by casting her as one of the leads in Death Proof, his segment of 2007’s joint project with Robert Rodriguez, Grindhouse. With roles in this year’s upcoming films Gamer and Whip It!, Bell was on hand at Comic-Con to promote her actioner Angel of Death, out on DVD this week, and we were able to sit down with her for a lengthy chat. Read on to discover the Kiwi’s Five Favorite Films, what it was like working with Quentin Tarantino, and what it’s like to transition from stunt work to acting.The Neverending Story (1984,83% Tomatometer)I’ll give it a shot. “Favorites” questions are my least liked questions because I’ve never been any good at favorites. But I’ll give it a shot. I’ll probably disappoint every fan out there. The ones that stick out as being my favorites, most of them are from when I was young, because movies just meant something different to me when I was a kid than what they mean to me now. They still mean a lot to me, but also it’s, once you start working in the film business, your appreciation shifts.The Neverending Story, without a doubt. I loved that movie. I thought the girl in that was hot. I thought she was so cute. I was like, “I want to be her when I grow up.” Wear a necklace on my forehead and say, “Call my name, Sebastian. Call my name!” I remember, I was living on an island; we didn’t have a movie theater, we just had a town hall. Every now and then they would drop a big sheet and a projection thing. We’d sit on wooden chairs. So, The Neverending Story.Labyrinth (1986,58% Tomatometer)And Labyrinth. Labyrinth was sort of the same… Loved Labyrinth. I watched it again recently and had a total adult crush on David Bowie. I used to just think he was cool, and now I’m like, “Oh my God, he’s so hot in that movie.” So 80s and glam rock. And I think both of those movies are sort of, really so fancy, but there was something… I don’t know. To me, I didn’t feel like I was suspending reality. It just was like, “That’s the world this movie exists in, and I want to be in it,” you know what I mean? I just love both of those movies.Stand by Me (1986,94% Tomatometer)I know everyone’s expecting me to list off all these action movies, but Stand By Me. There’s something about the relationships and the performances in that movie that I found really inspirational. And this is before I was even considering being an actor. I just found it to be one of the more true, real, honest sort of movies that really had an effect on me. I watched it a week ago and got goose bumps. Especially with the whole River Phoenix thing and how he disappears at the end. How genius is he in the movie? There’s something about a movie like that that can be so effective with no gimmicks.Lethal Weapon (1987,90% Tomatometer)I’ve got two more to go, and the ones that popped into my head are the Lethal Weapon movies! I love the Lethal Weapon movies. I know I shouldn’t claim them all together but the combination of humor and action and the relationship between Glover and Gibson is just… That’s the kind of stuff that I watched and was like, “I want to do that!” It never occurred to me that that meant acting. Those are the kind of movies that I could watch over and over and over and know every line and it not be a problem that I know every line; I still enjoy the effect it has on me, you know what I mean?Pulp Fiction (1994,96% Tomatometer)This is going to sound ridiculous because it’s going to sound like I’m doing a bunch of ass-licking but Pulp Fiction. And I shouldn’t hesitate, because it’s good cinema, but… I remember watching Pulp Fiction — whatever age I was, teenage years somewhere — and really struck at the cleverness of it and loving that you can have something as violent, but as humorous and as… I could feel — you know, because I didn’t know him as a person at that point; he was just the director — but I could feel his brain working in the conversations in his head, and his opinions about stuff. The conversations that were like, “I’ve had conversations like that about why you call it a quarter pounder or a royale with cheese.” It was so clever and reachable by me. And I wasn’t a film buff, I wasn’t sort of like a fan about any of that stuff. It just really spoke to me, it was so clever. Then I went back and watched Reservoir Dogs. I think I’d seen it before but I went back and watched it again. But yes, Pulp Fiction was definitely… Actually, it’s cool that I get to say that; I’m happy to be able to say that.Next, Bell talks about getting to know Quentin Tarantino and what being an actor means to her.RT: What was it like, having had Pulp Fiction make such a big impact, and then meeting Quentin Tarantino?Zoe Bell: Kind of unreal. And it wasn’t unreal like I felt faint and thought I was going to pass out or start vomiting out a bunch of dumb sh**, but he was sort of open and excited and I just felt the same way. It was like, “Nice to meet you!” and then cut to three days later, they’re like, “Okay, we need you to come to China, and you’ve got the job.” I’m like, “What, what? Wait, what? Really?” And then meeting Quentin and working with him was so… I was definitely in awe of him, certainly, but not in the way that implies “intimidated” or “scared” or “freaked out,” because he was so unfrightening to me. There were no pretenses; I didn’t feel like he was walking around with this, like, “You must bow to me”… Nothing like that.And I think, also, my history was I worked in New Zealand for four years before Kill Bill, and I was working on Xena for most of it, and the lead, Lucy [Lawless], who’s a Kiwi, and Renee [O’Connor], who’s not a Kiwi, were two of the most grounded, open, relaxed, low-drama, low maintenance actresses ever, and so I was just accustomed to the New Zealand way of it. So it never occurred to me that I needed to feel less worthy than or put myself below in any way, shape, or form. So I think I came at [Tarantino] that way, and he came at me that way, and it wasn’t until I started writing home like, “Oh, bla bla bla Quentin” that people were like, “Ooh, first name basis.” And I’m like, honestly, after three months, what am I going to call him? “Quentin Tarantino?” Like, “Hi Quentin Tarantino, how’s your day?”But it was pretty phenomenal watching him work and being a part of that. It’s really not until it’s finished and I’m talking to other people about it, like when I’m talking to you about it, that I go, “No, if I was on the other side, I’d be like, ‘Dude! What was that like?'”RT: Ship’s Mast — that was so awesome.ZB: Yeah, thank God he’s got the brain as f***ed up as he does, because that was cool! And that was all from his head. When he first came to me with the script, I was in a state of shock, you know, because we hadn’t had any discussions about it that I could recall that meant that he was expecting me to be one of the leads, and had forty pages that had me speaking in it. I was like, “Are you f***ing mental? What if I’m terrible at it? What if I hate it, or what if I’m bad at it?” That was the most important thing. I was like, I don’t want to be the girl who destroys a Tarantino movie, you know? And he was like, “Yeah, but that’s my choice. I’m choosing you, and I make good decisions.” And I can’t argue, you can’t argue with Tarantino, you know, about these things. He could see I was definitely in a bit of shock. I was honored and freaked out and a little bit like, “Did you think about checking in with me before you wrote this whole movie?” So he took me out for beers, because he knows me; clearly he knows me. And then he was like, “Let me tell you about the action sequence, because I think you’re going to be sold.” And he described it to me, and I was like, “Alright, I’m in! I’ll do it!” So much fun, so much fun working with him like that.[rtimage]MapID=1159014&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=12&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]I mean, I realize how fortunate I am. I know there are people out there that are like, “Screw you. She didn’t have to work for it. And bla bla bla.” There are people that want to know that I know how hard it is for other people, and that I was very fortunate. And the truth is, I know all that; I’m fully aware of it. And, I’ve worked hard as a stunt person; I just didn’t have the intention of doing what Quentin apparently had the intention of doing with me. And now I’m here, now I do have to work really hard to maintain it and keep going from here, because other people aren’t just going to give me stuff like he did. I mean, there are… Listen, Ed Brubaker wrote Angel of Death for me; what am I going on about? But, you know, it requires hard work, and I’m really willing to do that. I really enjoy where this career is going. To have it start off that way, I’m like, you gotta do something with it, you know what I mean? It’s ridiculous.RT: At what moment did you consider yourself an actor?”ZB: That was a really slow process. I think probably because there was part of me that struggled with whether I deserved to be able to call myself that, a little bit like on a subconscious level. Not like a “poor me” thing. And maybe no one thinks that, and maybe it’s just all in my head and I’m just projecting. But it was really, for me… You know, I worked on a couple of movies, Gamer and Whip It!, and then we did Angel of Death, and it was probably, to be honest, leading up to the audition for Angel of Death, it was like, when these guys said to me, “We want you — and we need you — to carry this whole f***ing movie.” And I was like, “Oh my God, if I say yes to this, I really have to pull finger. This is not me being myself; this is a character that’s not me, I am carrying the whole movie, and I need to be committed for real. And I need to put my ego and my shame and all of that sh** out the window.” And at that point it was like, I need to earn it. And once I felt like I’d earned it, then it was like, well, along with it comes the right to call myself an actor, you know? I didn’t call myself a stuntwoman until I was trained and working as one, and there was a point where I went, “Okay, I can earn this now.” It took me a little while with stunts, too. And, you know, I’ve been going to acting class, and I’ll be going to acting class until I’m not acting any more, and I think that’s all part of it. But it took me a little while to wrap my head around it. Probably shouldn’t be telling you that, but it really did.RT: No, I appreciate the honesty.ZB: My publicist is like, “Stop being honest with f***ing journalists!” and I’m like, “Sorry!”RT: Angel of Death looks like a female Bourne Identity kind of action movie.ZB: Yeah, it’s pretty much female Bourne with about an eightieth of the budget. [laughs] It’s really low budget, but for the budget we had, the outcome is amazing. We had such fantastic people working on it. And yeah, female Bourne is cool. I’ll take that. Look out, Matt Damon!RT: Was it coincidence that you and Lucy Lawless were in the movie together?ZB: No, that was definitely her doing a favor for me and Paul [Etheridge]. If I’m getting it correct, Paul wanted her to be in there, and the role was written for her, with her in mind. She came in, she was just in there for a day, kicked a**, rocked that character so hard, and left. Everyone was like,””F***, she’s the coolest thing ever.” She just came in with like this cool breath of fresh air, Kiwi whirlwind, knocked sh** about and gave it an awesome performance, then left, and everyone was like, “We love her.” And I said, “I know, I know.”RT: Looking towards the future, are you considering roles that are outside of the action genre?ZB: At this point, I just got hooked up with a new management company and we’re really excited. We’re sort of getting together a game plan. So, hopefully Angel of Death 2 goes, because I’m just like, this sounds cool, and we’re talking about what would happen in it, and Ed’s really excited to write it, and he’s told me what he wants, and I’m all excited about it. Basically, action is obviously something that I am really passionate about. I have talent lying in that arena… “I have talent lying in that arena.” What kind of English is that? [laughs] Me trying to be modest and just screwing up my English.Anyway, that’s also where people are comfortable, because I really haven’t done a lot of acting, so if people are going to put money behind me, they want to feel confident and do something that they can be confident in me doing. And I love it, so we’re definitely looking at those kind of roles. And we’re looking at a TV series that we want to put together. So there’s a bunch of things in the developmental stages, but I’m really excited at the concept of… I love the idea of doing comedy. Even if it’s action comedy, but comedy really appeals to me. And I would love to do things that put me outside of my comfort zone, because basically — I know this sounds weird because I jump off buildings for a living, or I used to jump off buildings for a living — I got comfortable with that kind of discomfort. The acting is putting myself outside my comfort zone in a whole different way, and that’s part of what I find really intriguing and inspiring about it. So yeah, I definitely am open to the roles outside of the typical action role that you would assume I’d do. But, you know, if I have to build respect and a reputation before people are comfortable or willing to do that, then I’m willing to do that, but I’m definitely open to any.Look for Angel of Death out on DVD this week, and for more Five Favorite Films, check our archive.Get our latest Comic-Con 2009 updates here:Comic-Con Day 1 News TickerComic-Con Day 1 Wrap-upComic-Con Day 2 News TickerComic-Con Day 2 Wrap-upComic-Con Day 3 News TickerComic-Con Celebrity GalleryComic-Con Costume Gallery","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"and, 2019, The, your","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/ZoeBell.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-zoe-bell"},{"id":"47508863838663","title":"Five Favorite Films with Sid and Marty Krofft","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Sid and Marty KrofftThe siblings behind the '70s TV shows H.R. Pufnstuf, Sigmund and the Sea Monsters and more reflect as Land of the Lost hits the big screen.by Jen Yamato | June 3, 2009 |  CommentsH.R. Pufnstuf. The Bugaloos. Sigmund and the Sea Monsters. Brothers Sid and Marty Krofft are showbiz legends, thanks to their flair for the bizarre and knack for creating a brand of hit shows that entertained generations of Saturday Morning TV-watchers throughout the ’70s and ’80s. This week, as the septuagenarians see their popular adventure series Land of the Lost adapted for the big screen by director Brad Silberling and star Will Ferrell — both of whom have an obvious nostalgic love for the material — RT sat down with both Kroffts to learn not only what movies they love, but which ones influenced some of their most famous whimsical creations. As you can see below, Sid (pictured on the left) and Marty (on the right) still enjoy a back-and-forth brotherly banter; they each picked two favorite films and agreed on their final pick.Scarface (1983,85% Tomatometer)Marty (addressing Sid): The one with cocaine in Cuba, with your neighbor… Pacino. I’ve seen that twenty times. Scarface! It’s compelling; it’s hard to not see it. The whole picture was interesting.Do you think your fans might expect such a hardcore, violent film among your favorites?Marty: Well, I also like Dr. Doolittle. [Smiles]The Wizard of Oz (1939, 100% Tomatometer)Sid: I, on opening day, saw The Wizard of Oz — 1939, in Providence, Rhode Island. I even remember the theater, the Majestic Theater. Our dad [took us] and we slept in the street that night to wait for the first showing of it. And of course, just like everybody else on this planet, it’s made a lifetime impression on me. As a matter of fact, I think that H.R. Pufnstuft, which was our first television show, the whole feeling came from The Wizard of Oz. It wasn’t like it, but the story — with a boy instead of a girl, and all the characters and the trees and the witch — but we went in a whole other direction with ours. As a matter of fact, when the first Pufnstuft movie came out a year after we did the series, Time Magazine said it was “the next Wizard of Oz.” That was quite a statement.What else? Margaret Hamilton — as a matter of fact, I think the very last job that she had before she left us was in Sigmund and the Sea Monsters. She played the crazy lady next door who kept seeing the little monster and nobody believed her. She did two or three episodes for us. And the reason she wanted to do it? She wanted to meet Billie Hayes, who was Witchiepoo. She said Witchiepoo is the best witch; as a matter of fact, Billie Hayes met her at the airport and they became great friends.And the reason for being of Land of the Lost? In 1940 there was a movie called One Million B.C. Marty was just a couple of years old, and I was eleven. I had never seen a dinosaur moving; no one had. Only in our schoolbooks. I would take him to see One Million B.C. with Victor Mature… wow. That made a huge impression. It scared the hell out of me. Because, like I said, we had never seen a dinosaur moving before! And that idea gave us the idea to do Land of the Lost.Step Brothers (2008, 55% Tomatometer)Marty: Ok, my other favorite film was Step Brothers. It was funny! That was a funny movie. That was the hardest I’ve laughed in the theater in a long time. I thought it was a great movie.Did you already know Will Ferrell at the time?Marty: Of course, we’d been [working with Ferrell] for three and a half years on Land of the Lost.Sid: So he’s a little prejudiced. [Smiles]Marty: No, I’m not prejudiced at all. That movie I liked over other movies he did.Did any of Step Brothers remind you two of your own relationship growing up?Marty: No — our relationship lasted through almost every marriage! You can’t fire your brother —Sid: — and you can’t divorce your brother.Were there any hijinks in the Krofft household growing up?Marty: Well, I didn’t grow up with him. He was older than me, he was out doing his thing. I was a baby; I was an only child.Sid: I was the opening act for Judy Garland, so I was on tour. And then Marty joined me at the end with Judy Garland’s tour, and the snowball started…Star Wars (1977,95% Tomatometer)Sid: Another film that I saw that just blew me away was the very first Star Wars. I saw it almost two months before it opened at the Academy, and the theater was half full! No one had ever heard of it; I had a hard time inviting someone — “Star Wars? I’m not interested in that.” When the movie was over, they cleared the audience out of the theater because everyone just sat. They were paralyzed. They had to ask us all to leave because they wanted to lock up the theater. Everybody in the theater was out on the street, sitting on the curb, in a daze. I’ll never, ever forget that.Land of the Lost (2009)Marty: Land of the Lost is my favorite movie. I know I’m not objective, but it’s my favorite movie and all the fans that we entertained for all those years — we did them a turn, now they’ve got to do us one. Come on June 5!What was your reaction to the film adaptation? It’s got a similar look and feel, but it’s much raunchier and some elements have been changed to suit the big screen.Marty: Well, we were part of it all. This was going to be a different tone. Comedy, Will Ferrell, adventure, action, jeopardy…Sid: We’re in the year 2009! A couple of weeks ago, Will Ferrell said to Marty and myself, “you guys are so cool and this is the coolest project.” I said, it’s great that you say that, because all these years we’ve been accused of being hip and trippy. So now we’re cool, hip, and trippy. This movie is all those three things.Marty: Everybody always said we were 30 years ahead of the time. Now we’re only one year ahead of the time.See how the combined comedic forces of Will Ferrell, Danny McBride, and Anna Friel bring Sid and Marty Krofft’s strange and fantastic lore into the 21st century in the Sleestastic Land of the Lost, in theaters Friday.For more Five Favorite Films, visit our archive.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"thriller, Festival, Rocky, Video, Family, Amazon, drama, Islander, franchise, movies, new, shows, Endgame, doctor","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/SidMartyKroft.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-sid-and-marty-krofft"},{"id":"47509018197854","title":"Video: Tom Holland Ranks His Spidey Suits","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Tom Holland Ranks His Spidey Suitsby RT Staff | July 6, 2017 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake spoke to the cast of Spider-Man: Homecoming, asking Tom Holland to rank his Spidey suits in order of preference, and to discuss all the work that went into the Staten Island Ferry action sequence in the film. Then she talked with Marisa Tomei about her character, and how Aunt May costumes are going to be a huge hit this Halloween!ho won big? Watch!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Originals, movie, the, south, scene, TBS, Geo, comedies, caribbean, Office, Esquire, sports, joker, Paramount","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/06112357/Tom-Holland-representative.jpg","slug":"video-tom-holland-ranks-his-spidey-suits"},{"id":"47509019963243","title":"Video: Ridley Scott on Rutger Hauer’s Blade Runner Monologue","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Ridley Scott on Rutger Hauer's Blade Runner Monologueby RT Staff | May 19, 2017 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake spoke to Ridley Scott, director of Alien: Covenant&nbsp;about Rutger Hauer’s famous “I’ve Seen Things” monologue from Blade Runner, and how it came to be.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"CW, Pride, thriller, and, Emmy, Nickelodeon, Awards, a, Pirates, Ovation","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/19105326/RT_AC_Rutger_YT.jpg","slug":"video-ridley-scott-on-rutger-hauers-blade-runner-monologue"},{"id":"47509034979315","title":"Video: Texas Movie Trivia from SxSW with Grae Drake","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Texas Movie Trivia from SxSW with Grae Drakeby RT Staff | March 21, 2016 |  CommentsRotten Tomatoes’ Senior Editor Grae Drake and Beki “Ms.&nbsp;Salsa-in-Training” Lane go to SxSW in Austin&nbsp;to quiz people on movie trivia.&nbsp; See how well people in Texas&nbsp;know movies about&nbsp;Texas!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Musical, true","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/21174457/sxsw-instax-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-texas-movie-trivia-from-sxsw-with-grae-drake"},{"id":"47509179184416","title":"James Gunn Is Rebooting Suicide Squad, Plus More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})James Gunn Is Rebooting Suicide Squad, Plus More Movie NewsBen Affleck out as Batman, Dune gets more actors, Christopher Nolan's next movie dated, and there's already gonna be another Detective Pikachu.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 1, 2019 |  CommentsToday’s Ketchup brings you another 10 headlines from the world of film development news, covering such titles such as&nbsp;The Batman,&nbsp;Dune, and&nbsp;Detective Pikachu.This WEEK’S TOP STORYGUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY DIRECTOR REBOOTING THE SUICIDE SQUAD(Photo by Warner Bros. Pictures)Last July, Guardians of the Galaxy director James Gunn was fired by Walt Disney Pictures&nbsp;from Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 after old, offensive jokes on Twitter resurfaced. A few months later, we started hearing that Marvel’s “distinguished competition” at Warner Bros and DC Comics were hiring Gunn to write and possibly direct the next Suicide Squad movie. This week, we learned that yes, Gunn is now in talks with Warner Bros. to direct a film to be called&nbsp;The Suicide Squad (8/6/2021), which is being described as a relaunch of the concept. Gunn is expected to use an almost entirely new group of super villains, which means that most of the characters that appeared in the 2016 movie will not return for The Suicide Squad. (We’re thinking here of The Joker, Harley Quinn, Deadshot, Killer Croc, Captain Boomerang, etc.) There have been dozens of Suicide Squad members in the comics, so there are lots of possibilities, including characters like Bronze Tiger, Killer Frost, King Shark, Major Disaster, and Vixen. &nbsp;Fresh Developments1. BEN AFFLECK-FREE THE BATMAN COMING IN 2021, PLUS OTHER DC COMICS MOVIES NEWS(Photo by Zack Snyder)This really was a crazy week for DC Comics movies. We’re going to cover multiple release dates for 2020 in a bit, but here, the focus is two years out: 2021. That’s because The Batman, the reboot in which Ben Affleck will not play Bruce Wayne, is now scheduled for June 25, 2021. Matt Reeves (War for the Planet of the Apes) is writing and directing The Batman, which will feature a younger Batman in a “detective” story involving a rogues gallery of Bat-villains&nbsp;(which may or may not include Josh Gad as The Penguin).&nbsp;Another film now scheduled for 2021 is an animated movie&nbsp;for DC Super Pets (5/21/21), which may include such four legged sidekicks as Krypto the Superdog, Ace the Bat-Hound, and Supergirl’s cat Streaky. Meanwhile, we heard this week that Warner Bros. and James Wan are now looking for a good Aquaman 2 screenplay.&nbsp;Meanwhile,&nbsp;Aquaman&nbsp;has become the top grossing DC Comics movie of all time.2. THIS WEEK IN DC COMICS PART 3 – KEVIN SMITH REVEALS WHAT-MIGHT-HAVE-BEEN FOR JUSTICE LEAGUE 2/3(Photo by Warner Bros. Pictures)Continuing our coverage of this crazy week full of DC Comics movies news, we will start with the news of two movies which will&nbsp;not happen. Kevin Smith was on a podcast recently, and there he revealed what he knew of what director Zack Snyder had planned for Justice League 2 and 3. Basically Justice League 2 would have been an outer space battle with Darkseid (which he would have won, ala Avengers: Infinity War), and then the war would have continued on an Earth conquered by Darkseid (images of which we saw in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice). As all that suggests, Zack Snyder is now done with DC Comics movies, and we now know that instead, he will return to his Dawn of the Dead zombie roots with a Netflix project called Army of the Dead. Director Patty Jenkins also revealed this week that her Wonder Woman 3&nbsp;will be a “contemporary” film, following next year’s Wonder Woman 1984 (6/5/2020).&nbsp;3. RELEASE DATES FOR 2020 INCLUDE GHOSTBUSTERS 3, CHRISTOPHER NOLAN, AND THE WITCHES REMAKE(Photo by Melinda Sue Gordon/Paramount Pictures)For obvious calendar-related reasons, January is often a time when we see a lot of big future release dates. Although we know nothing else&nbsp;about it, the biggest reveal of this batch is the next film from director Christopher Nolan:&nbsp;IMAX on July 17, 2020, up against the&nbsp;Bob’s Burgers&nbsp;movie and The Spongebob Movie: It’s a Wonderful Sponge. A week earlier, on July 10, 2020, we’ll get&nbsp;Ghostbusters 3, the direct sequel to the first two films, rumored to feature new teenage Ghostbusters.&nbsp;Later that month, on July 31, 2020, Sony has scheduled the Marvel’s&nbsp;Morbius, the vampire antihero movie starring Jared Leto and Doctor Who star Matt Smith. Earlier in that year, May 8 will be the new release date&nbsp;for Greyhound, a World War II naval drama starring Tom Hanks, a date also claimed by Reese Witherspoon’s Legally Blonde 3. January 3, 2020 will be the new release date&nbsp;for the reboot of The Grudge (which had previously been scheduled for this summer). Later in 2020, we’ll also have the remake of The Witches (10/16/2020), starring Anne Hathaway in the role originally played by Anjelica Huston.4. ZENDAYA AND OSCAR ISAAC ARE THE LATEST STARS JOINING THE DUNE REBOOT(Photo by Lev Radin/Everett Collection)Frank Herbert’s classic science fiction novel Dune&nbsp;features a massive ensemble cast of characters, and so we’re in the midst of what will be several weeks of role announcements. To date, we’ve already heard about&nbsp;Timothée Chalamet in the lead role as Paul Atreides, as well as Rebecca Ferguson (as Lady Jessica), Charlotte Rampling (as Reverend Mother Mohiam), Stellan Skarsgård (as Baron Harkonnen), and Dave Bautista (as The Beast Rabban). This week, we can now add to the mix Spider-Man: Homecoming costar Zendaya, who is in early talks to play Chalamet’s romantic interest, Chani. Oscar Isaac, who is coming off playing Poe Dameron in Star Wars: The Force Awaken, Star Wars: The Last Jedi, and this December’s Star Wars Episode IX, is in talks to play&nbsp;Duke Leto Atreides.&nbsp;&nbsp;5. THREE RECENT ACADEMY AWARD WINNERS JOIN THE HEART(Photo by Fox Searchlight courtesy Everett Collection)In addition to playing Dean Pelton on Community, Jim Rash is also a writer and director who with his partner Nat Faxon has previously worked on The Descendants and The Way Way Back. For their next film, The Heart, Rash and Faxon are arguably stacking the deck by recruiting three recent Academy Award winners:&nbsp;Allison Janney, who won a Supporting Actress Oscar last year for I, Tonya;&nbsp;Octavia Spencer, who won in that category for 2012’s The Help;&nbsp;and Sam Rockwell also won last year&nbsp;for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. Rockwell and Spencer will play&nbsp;people desperate for cash who agree to courier a black market human heart in what they soon discover is a very dangerous job. Janney plays Spencer’s antagonist ex-boss. In related news, there are also now rumors that Janney and Rockwell may not be asked to present Academy Awards this year, as is often the tradition in the acting categories.6. THIS WEEK IN ZOMBIELAND: ROSARIO DAWSON JOINS SEQUEL, WOODY GOES FRUIT LOOPS(Photo by Glen Wilson/Columbia courtesy Everett Collection)Everything was awesome for Sony Pictures in 2018, and the studio is keeping this swinging with the&nbsp;Zombieland: Double Tap&nbsp;(10/11/2019) poster reveal, presented as a play on the social media “10 year challenge.” That poster also showed off that all four Zombieland stars (Emma Stone, Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, and Abigail Breslin) are returning. We also learned this week that they will be joined by Rosario Dawson.&nbsp;Harrelson also made a new deal recently to star in the Fox 2000 drama Fruit Loops, which is described as a psychiatric hospital drama in the style of One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest. Fruit Loops will be directed by Ted Melfi&nbsp;(Hidden Figures, St. Vincent), who also this week set up a new sci-fi project called Harry’s All Night Hamburgers.7. THE INVISIBLE MAN REBOOT IS HAPPENING AFTER ALL, BUT JOHNNY DEPP’S DISAPPEAREDIn the months and weeks leading up to the 2017 release of The Mummy, Universal Pictures did a lot of press about how that reboot was going to lead to the Dark Universe cinematic universe,&nbsp;featuring classic Universal Monsters like Bride of Frankenstein and The Wolfman. The box office disappointment of The Mummy quickly led to the Dark Universe plans being dismantled, but we learned this week that some Universal Monsters will still get their reboot movies after all. In the Dark Universe plan, Johnny Depp was to have played The Invisible Man, but that movie is now moving forward without Depp. Instead, The Invisible Man is now being rebooted&nbsp;by&nbsp;Upgrade director Leigh Whannell&nbsp;at Blumhouse. The shift to Blumhouse for The Invisible Man (and possibly other Universal Monsters) is being perceived as a smart move, considering how Blumhouse has been able to deliver successful franchises&nbsp;like Insidious, Ouija, Paranormal Activity, and The Purge.8. CAPTAIN MARVEL STAR BRIE LARSON STARTING A LADY BUSINESS AT NETFLIX(Photo by Claire Folger/Paramount Pictures)Just as Captain Marvel prepares to release March 8, Brie Larson is setting up at least one new project at Netflix, which is also where her directorial debut called Unicorn Store&nbsp;(debuting April 5) landed. Larson will star in and direct Lady Business, based upon the true stories of Witchsy founders&nbsp;Kate Dwyer and Penelope Gazin. Lady Business will tell the story of two female entrepreneurs who “invent a third male company founder in order to be taken seriously in the business world.”&nbsp;Rotten Idea1.&nbsp;PIKA-TWO:&nbsp;POKÉMON DETECTIVE PIKACHU ALREADY GETTING SEQUEL?(Photo by Warner Bros.)The videogame adaptation Pokémon Detective Pikachu (5/10/2019) is still over three months away, so we have no idea if it’s going to be the big movie that breaks the Rotten curse of video game movies. After&nbsp;25 years and nearly 50 Rotten video game movies,&nbsp;it’s probably safe to&nbsp;be skeptical about all upcoming releases. This week, Warner Bros. revealed that they’re already starting development&nbsp;on a Detective Pikachu sequel. The studio is doing that by hiring screenwriter Oren Uziel (The Cloverfield Paradox,&nbsp;co-writer of 22 Jump Street) to work on it. Other upcoming films Uziel has worked on include&nbsp;Sonic the Hedgehog (11/8/2019), Supergirl, and the Mortal Kombat reboot.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"New, Disney, USA, game, Diego, Walt, Awards, San, Video, cooking, Pixar, doctor, The","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/01155342/600SuicideSquad.jpg","slug":"james-gunn-is-rebooting-suicide-squad-plus-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509177880858","title":"Marvel Rehires James Gunn to Direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, Plus More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Marvel Rehires James Gunn to Direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, Plus More Movie NewsMarvel's Shang-Chi gets a director, Tom and Jerry, Sesame Street, and the Sopranos movie get release dates, and new roles for Denzel Washington and Amy Schumer.by Greg Dean Schmitz | March 15, 2019 |  CommentsToday’s Ketchup brings you another 10 headlines from the world of film development news, covering&nbsp;such titles as the Sopranos prequel, the Sesame Street musical, and Marvel’s Shang-Chi.This WEEK’S TOP STORYJAMES GUNN REINSTATED AS DIRECTOR OF&nbsp;GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 3(Photo by Jay Maidment/Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)One of the biggest stories of 2018 was Disney’s decision to fire Guardians of the Galaxy director James Gunn&nbsp;from the third GotG movie over old-but-questionable Twitter jokes, which led stars like Dave Bautista to say he/they might not return for the sequel. Warner Bros. then signed Gunn to write and direct&nbsp;The Suicide Squad (8/6/2021), starring Margot Robbie and Idris Elba. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 is obviously a big deal for Marvel, and we never heard anything about a new director officially taking his place (notwithstanding&nbsp;Thor: Ragnarok director Taika Waititi, who quickly debunked such rumors). So, we can now report that Disney and Marvel have reached an agreement that reinstates James Gunn as director (and screenwriter)&nbsp;for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, which will start filming after Gunn wraps filming of The Suicide Squad for Warner Bros. Gunn’s apologies for the Tweets (which predated his hiring for the first Guardians of the Galaxy) were reportedly key to Disney President Alan Horn’s decision to rehire him for GotG 3. After the announcement was made, Gunn took to Twitter again, this time to thank his fans for their support.Fresh Developments1. MARVEL FAST-TRACKING KUNG FU SUPERHERO SHANG-CHI MOVIE(Photo by Marvel)Although Marvel Studios has not officially announced release dates for new movies past this summer’s Spider-Man: Far from Home (7/5/2019), we do know that both Black Widow and The Eternals are scheduled to start filming this summer for likely 2020 releases. (Marvel has “untitled” films scheduled for release on May 1 and November 6 next year.) 2018 was a big year for Marvel developing new movies, as Black Widow and The Eternals were also joined by Doctor Strange 2, Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan), and Shang Chi: Master of Kung Fu. This week, Marvel made a move that suggests Shang-Chi is getting fast-tracked for a likely 2021 release, with the news that the directing job is going to Destin Daniel Cretton. This news also confirms that Marvel is applying a Black Panther-style production approach to Shang-Chi, as Cretton is Hawaiian&nbsp;and screenwriter Dave Callaham is of Chinese-American descent. Cretton’s hiring is also a sign that Brie Larson might co-star as Captain Marvel in the Shang-Chi movie, as she has starred in all of Cretton’s films as director (Short Term 12, The Glass Castle, and the upcoming Just Mercy, with Michael B. Jordan). Callaham’s Shang-Chi screenplay reportedly attempts to modernize aspects of the character’s back story, which drew heavily from 1970s exploitation tropes.2. AVENGERS DIRECTORS SIGN ON FOR POST-MARVEL REUNION WITH&nbsp;SPIDER-MAN(Photo by Michael Germana/Everett Collection)Next month’s Avengers: Endgame will be the fourth Marvel Studios film for directing brothers Joe and Anthony Russo, with no indication (yet) that they’ll direct any future Marvel films. After 5+ years of focusing on their Marvel work, the Russo brothers are now lining up a movie that&nbsp;is only tangentially related to the studio, as Marvel’s&nbsp;current Spider-Man,&nbsp;Tom Holland, is now in talks to work with them on a film called Cherry. If he signs, Holland would star as Nico Walker, the author of the 2018 novel Cherry, based on his own experience as an “Army medic who returned from Iraq with extreme undiagnosed PTSD, fell into opioid addiction and began robbing banks. Walker was caught and convicted in 2011 and is scheduled to be released in 2020.” The Russo Brothers plan to start filming Cherry this summer. Meanwhile, they will also continue to produce TV adaptations&nbsp;of the 1979 film The Warriors and the horror video game Little Nightmares.3. SOPRANOS PREQUEL MOVIE NABS 2020 AWARDS SEASON RELEASE(Photo by Jason Smith/Everett Collection)Later this year, Netflix is reportedly planning on their widest theatrical release to date for Martin Scorsese’s fact-based crime film The Irishman, produced on a budget of over $125 million. The Irishman doesn’t have a release date yet, but it seems likely to be aiming for the fall of 2019 during “awards season.” If The Irishman is 2019’s top awards-friendly mobster movie, HBO made a move this week to possibly stake out the same distinction in 2020. New Line Cinema has scheduled the newly retitled Newark (formerly The Many Saints of Newark), the prequel film to HBO’s The Sopranos, for September 25, 2020. Newark will be set during the 1967 Newark riots. Although we still lack some key details, we do already know that Alessandro Nivola will be the star as Dickie Moltisanti (Christopher’s dad), and that James Gandolfini’s son Michael Gandolfini is co-starring as the young Tony Soprano.&nbsp; In related news, MGM also recently scheduled their musical biopic&nbsp;Respect, starring Jennifer Hudson as Aretha Franklin, for August 14, 2020.4.&nbsp;TOM AND JERRY AND ANNE HATHAWAY’S SESAME STREET&nbsp;COMING IN 2021(Photo by Giles Keyte/Focus Features)Following the box office disappointment of The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part, Warner Bros. is moving away from its plans for Minecraft and more LEGO movies. Instead, the studio is working on animated movies like Scooby-Doo (5/15/2020) and DC Super Pets (5/21/2021). Warner Bros added two more kid-friendly movies to their 2021 schedule&nbsp;this week with Sesame Street and Tom and Jerry. Anne Hathaway will star in the live-action Sesame Street musical now scheduled for January 15, 2021 (two weeks before Rugrats on 1/29/2021). The Tom and Jerry will be an animated/live action hybrid when it comes out on April 16, 2021 (two weeks after Fast and Furious 10 on 4/2/2021).5. ANDY SAMBERG AND CRISTIN MILIOTI&nbsp;TO MEET CUTE IN PALM SPRINGS(Photo by Jason Mendez, Steve Mack/Everett Collection)We’re just barely starting to see a resurgence of the romantic comedy genre with movies like Isn’t It Romantic&nbsp;and various titles on Netflix and the Hallmark Channel, but new projects are being announced regularly lately. Andy Samberg (Brooklyn Nine-Nine) will co-star with Cristin Miloti (who starred in the “U.S.S. Callister” episode of Black Mirror) in a romantic comedy called Palm Springs. Samberg will play a “carefree” man who meets a “reluctant maid of honor… [in] a chance encounter at a Palm Springs wedding.” J.K. Simmons (Whiplash, Spider-Man 2) will also have a supporting role.6.&nbsp;DENZEL WASHINGTON TO INVESTIGATE LITTLE THINGS IN SERIAL KILLER THRILLER(Photo by Patti Perret/Universal Pictures)Denzel Washington&nbsp;had a relative box office hit ($102 million domestically) with The Equalizer 2, and this week he signed on for a similarly mid-budget project for Warner Bros., starring in Little Things as a “burned out” rural California sheriff who teams up with a Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department detective to track down a serial killer. Little Things will be directed by John Lee Hancock, who has scored two Certified Fresh&nbsp;films&nbsp; relatively recently with 2013’s Saving Mr. Banks and 2017’s The Founder. Warner Bros. is reportedly looking for another A-lister to play the detective, with hopes to start filming this summer.7. AMY SCHUMER TO STAR IN ADAPTATION OF TONY-WINNING THE HUMANS(Photo by Mary Cybulski/Universal Pictures)The rather ambiguously titled play The Humans, a family drama set around a Thanksgiving family dinner in an apartment in New York City’s Chinatown, had its premiere in Chicago in 2014 before going on to win the 2016 Tony Award for Best Play. A24 is preparing to adapt The Humans as a movie with stage actress Jane Houdyshell reprising her role, along with recognizable faces from film and TV. The most famous of these will be Amy Schumer, who will be joined by Steven Yuen (The Walking Dead), Richard Jenkins (The Cabin in the Woods), and Beanie Feldstein (who played the best friend in Lady Bird). The Humans will be directed by Stephen Karam, the playwright of the original play.Rotten Ideas2.&nbsp;WHOOPI GOLDBERG’S COMEBACK INCLUDES ANIMATED PIERRE THE PIEGON-HAWK(Photo by Jason Mendez/Everett Collection)Whoopi Goldberg made her return to TV’s The View yesterday after weeks away due to a severe case of double pneumonia. Goldberg’s return came along with her signing on to voice an animated feature film called Pierre the Pigeon-Hawk. Like many animated movies, it’s going to feature an ensemble voice cast that includes Nick Cannon (in the title role), Kenan Thompson (Saturday Night Live), Jennifer Coolidge (American Pie), and E.G. Daily (Tomy Pickles from TV’s Rugrats). The animated musical will focus on a New York City piegon who was “born as a product of forbidden love between a hawk and a pigeon, [and] is rejected by both the pigeon and hawk communities.” This leads to an adventure at the Central Park Zoo where Pierre meets various animals (a bear, an owl, some squirrels, etc.).1. SEQUEL TO 2017’S THE HITMAN’S BODYGUARD STARTS FILMING(Photo by RCF, Dee Cercone, Jason Mendez/Everett Collection)Although critics did not overwhelmingly love the 2017 action movie The Hitman’s Bodyguard (Rotten&nbsp;at 42%), the Ryan Reynolds/Samuel L. Jackson vehicle did earn more than five times its production budget globally. That was apparently enough for its producers to move forward with a sequel, which started filming this week. Previously called The Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard, the sequel’s title is now the much simpler&nbsp;The Hitman (not to be confused with the movies based on the Hitman video game franchise). Three new cast members were announced this week, starting with Morgan Freeman, who was then joined by Antonio Banderas&nbsp;and Richard E. Grant (coming off his Academy Award nomination for Can You Ever Forgive Me?). (Frank Grillo from Captain America: The Winter Soldier also joined the sequel earlier this month).Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"toy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/11151915/James-Gunn-Suicide-Squad-Rep.jpg","slug":"marvel-rehires-james-gunn-to-direct-guardians-of-the-galaxy-vol-3-plus-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509179229480","title":"Aquaman 2 Is in the Works, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Aquaman 2 Is in the Works, and More Movie NewsWes Anderson's cast grows, Crazy Rich sequels emerge, a Prince musical is born, and Cruella de Vil's story is told.by Greg Dean Schmitz | December 7, 2018 |  CommentsToday’s Ketchup brings you another 10 headlines from the world of film development news, covering titles such as&nbsp;Sesame Street, Shang-Chi, Snake Eyes, and sequels for Aquaman and Crazy Rich Asians.This WEEK’S TOP STORYPLANS FOR AN AQUAMAN 2 ALREADY IN DEVELOPMENT(Photo by Warner Bros. Pictures)The DC Comics movie Aquaman starring Jason Momoa is still two weeks away (12/21/18), and reviews for the film haven’t begun to come in yet. Even so, Warner Bros. must be fairly confident about the film’s prospects, because this week the news broke that the studio is already starting to think about Aquaman 2. The news started as a buried detail in an Amber Heard profile, but you can read a more detailed examination of the revelation right here. To be clear, the “details” aren’t really details at all, except that the currently projected $65 million&nbsp;opening for&nbsp;Aquaman&nbsp;gave Warner Bros. chairman Toby Emmerich “enough confidence to begin talks on a sequel.” We can guess that means several Aquaman cast members would return (Jason Momoa and Amber Heard, at least), and then there would probably be new characters. But who? Aquaman does have a few supporting cast members who don’t appear to be in his first movie, with Garth, AKA Aqualad being perhaps the most obvious candidate. The introduction of Aqualad might also help Warner Bros. later on if they ever want to have a proper live action Teen Titans movie (which was sort of what Teen Titans Go! To the Movies was all about). After Aquaman, the next confirmed DC Comics movies are Shazam! (4/5/2019), Joker (10/4/2019), Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) (2/7/2020), and Wonder Woman 1984 (6/5/2020).Fresh Developments1. FOUR OSCAR NOMINEES/WINNERS TO BE&nbsp;DISPATCH-ED BY WES ANDERSON(Photo by Greg Williams/Fox Searchlight)Over the last few weeks, we’ve&nbsp;started to hear about the impressive ensemble cast that director Wes Anderson (Moonrise Kingdom, The Grand Budapest Hotel) is (or might be) recruiting for his next film. The rumors and reports to date have included Brad Pitt, Natalie Portman, and Lea Seydoux (Spectre, The Lobster), and this week, five more names emerged. This latest story from Paris also gives us the title&nbsp;of the film, The French Dispatch, and a clarification that it is not a musical as previously reported. Bill Murray and Tilda Swinton are both frequent Anderson collaborators and Frances McDormand co-starred in Moonrise Kingdom, but Benicio del Toro, Jeffrey Wright, and Timothée Chalamet are all new additions to his repertory company. When asked at a party this week what The French Dispatch is actually about, Chalamet reportedly “threw his hands in the air and laughed.” Having said that, we do know that the film is “set in the 1950s and follows journalists at an American newspaper bureau in 1950s Paris.”2.&nbsp;TWO CRAZY RICH ASIANS SEQUELS LIKELY TO FILM BACK-TO-BACK IN 2020(Photo by Sanja Bucko/Warner Bros. Pictures)This past summer’s blockbuster comedy Crazy Rich Asians was an adaptation of a 2013 comic novel by Kevin Kwan, and it was the first of a trilogy, followed by China Rich Girlfriend in 2015&nbsp;and Rich People Problems in 2017. That was excellent news for Warner Bros., who&nbsp;basically secured&nbsp;a franchise with Crazy Rich Asians’ success. Even before CRA&nbsp;came out, director Jon M. Chu had already been signed by Warner Bros. for their adaptation of Lin-Manuel Miranda’s musical In the Heights (scheduled for 6/26/2020, up against Top Gun: Maverick), making the filming of any&nbsp;Crazy sequels in 2019 unlikely. Instead, the plan appears for both sequels to be filmed back-to-back, probably in 2020, for release dates in 2021 (and possibly 2022). The other challenge for an ambitious two-movie shoot (go ask Marvel) is getting all the cast scheduled, and Crazy Rich Asians had a large ensemble cast. As for what comes after In the Heights, China Rich Girlfriend, and Rich People Problems, Chu is also now developing&nbsp;Don’t Stop Believin‘ about Journey lead singer Arnel Pineda’s&nbsp;unlikely route to a dream rock star gig.3. CAPTAIN MARVEL’S&nbsp;BRIE LARSON AND HER NETFLIX MOVIE WITH CHARLIE KAUFMAN(Photo by Claire Folger/Paramount Pictures)Brie Larson was very much in the spotlight this week with the launch of the second trailer for next year’s Captain Marvel (3/8/2019) (which has people asking all sorts of questions). As it often happens, however, there was actually another story about Larson’s career this week, as she is the latest actor to sign on for an ambitious project at Netflix. Brie Larson has signed to star in I’m Thinking of Ending Things, Netflix’s first film with writer/director Charlie Kaufman (Anomalisa, Synecdoche New York). Based on a 2016 novel by Iain Reid, I’m Thinking of Ending Things tells the story of a woman’s trip to a family farm that leads to an “an unexpected detour leaving her stranded, a twisted mix of palpable tension, psychological frailty and sheer terror ensues.” Jesse Plemons (of TV’s Breaking Bad and Fargo) also signed on this week as the film’s male lead. Going back to Captain Marvel, Marvel Studios also released the first teaser this week for Avengers: Endgame (4/26/2019), and we may be getting the first Spider-Man: Far From Home (7/5/2019) teaser this weekend (though how that fits in with Spidey’s current status is still anyone’s guess).4. I TONYA DIRECTOR&nbsp;TAPPED FOR ANOTHER MISUNDERSTOOD HEROINE:&nbsp;CRUELLA?(Photo by Buena Vista Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)For the most part, Disney’s remakes of their animated classics are pretty straightforward (Dumbo is Dumbo, The Lion King is The Lion King, etc.), but then you have a movie like Maleficent, which took Sleeping Beauty and told its villain’s story instead. (Let’s note real quick here that Maleficent II recently wrapped filming and&nbsp;it’s scheduled for May 29, 2020.) Disney is going to do the same thing&nbsp;with their revisit to 101 Dalmatians by adapting it as Cruella, telling her “origin story” before she ever met all those black-and-white puppies. Emma Stone has been attached to play the young Cruella for a while, and this week, Disney found its director in the form of Craig Gillespie (I, Tonya, Lars and the Real Girl). Alex Timbers (of Amazon’s Mozart of the Jungle) had been attached, but had to drop out due to scheduling issues. Cruella doesn’t have a release date yet, but it’s most likely aimed at either late 2020 or sometime in 2021. Disney’s remake slate currently includes three confirmed for 2019 (Dumbo, Aladdin, The Lion King) and two for 2020 (Mulan, Maleficent II). Tom Hanks also started talking to Disney last week for Pinocchio, which is another possibility for 2020 or 2021.5. TIFFANY HADDISH AND AWKWAFINA MIGHT BE NEXT JUMP STREET COPS(Photo by Michele K. Short/Universal Pictures, Warner Bros. Pictures)One of the funniest parts of 22 Jump Street was actually the ending, which promised a long series of sequels with different themes starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum (Medical School, Foreign Exchange Students, Art School, etc). That was followed, for a while, by talk about Hill and Tatum starring in a 23 Jump Street which was also a new Men in Black movie, but those plans eventually fell apart, and Hill and Tatum are apparently done with the franchise now. Instead, in whatever form the third 21 Jump Street movie takes, the two cops-undercover-in-a-school will be women. Tiffany Haddish broke out after 2017’s Girls Trip, and Awkwafina co-starred this year in both Ocean’s 8 and Crazy Rich Asians. If deals go through the way Sony hopes, it will be Haddish and Awkwafina who star in the next 21 Jump Street movie. Since she’s 39, you might think Tiffany Haddish would have a harder time passing as a student, and you would be right, as she’s reportedly in talks to play a cop undercover as a teacher, a mom, or maybe even both. In related news, the Men in Black spinoff now has a title, Men in Black International, which brings to mind the long-running DC Comics series Justice League International. This week, we also got our first image of Thor: Ragnarok stars Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson in character, complete with fancy guns and “men in black” suits.6. ANNE HATHAWAY MIGHT TELL YOU HOW TO GET TO SESAME STREET(Photo by Giles Keyte/Focus Features)Next year will mark five years since Muppets Most Wanted, and since then we haven’t heard much about any new installments. Instead, the attention seems to be turning to Sesame Street, which continues to air on both PBS and HBO. Sesame Street is also sort of a thematic cousin of Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood, which was the subject of this year’s hit documentary Won’t You Be My Neighbor? So, the time might be right for a different kind of Sesame Street movie. Warner Bros. is reportedly hoping to sign Anne Hathaway to star in their new Sesame Street movie, which will also be a musical. Of particular interest is the name of Hathaway’s character, which is Sally. Going all the way back to the original 1969 Sesame Street pilot episode, it was a little girl named Sally who Gordon Robinson first introduced to Sesame Street. (Anne Hathaway, born in 1982, is too young by about 15 years to have actually been in that 1969 episode.) Big Bird, Bert &amp; Ernie, Elmo, Oscar the Grouch, Cookie Monster, The Count, Mister Snuffleupagus, and Zoe are all also likely to be in Sesame Street.Rotten Ideas3. THE MUSIC OF PRINCE TO INSPIRE A MAMMA MIA-STYLE MUSICAL(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)During his lifetime, Prince was famously super protective of both his music and legacy (Kevin Smith recounted his efforts to make a Prince documentary in An Evening with Kevin Smith). Since his death in 2016, the music of Prince&nbsp;has been in the public eye, including commercials and a recent all-Prince episode of Black-ish. Universal Pictures had success with the ABBA musical Mamma Mia (and to some lesser extent, it’s sequel Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again), and now the studio is hoping to replicate that, but with the music of Prince. Universal has made a deal with Prince’s estate for an original movie (ie, not a Purple Rain remake, for example) inspired by the songs of Prince. The reports about the movie&nbsp;specifically reference Mamma Mia!, so don’t expect a Prince biopic, but a fictional story that just features the songs. In related news, Universal is also partnering with Issa Rae on a musical romance&nbsp;called Love in America. Considering Universal has had mixed success with&nbsp;Mamma Mia! (the first film was Rotten at 55%, while the second was Certified Fresh at 81%), and considering Prince’s music is good enough to stand on its own, without shoehorning it into a made-up story, we aren’t especially optimistic here. Maybe they’ll prove us wrong.2.&nbsp;MARVEL TO INTRODUCE&nbsp;SHANG-CHI&nbsp;WITH THE WRITER&nbsp;OF&nbsp;DOOM(Photo by Marvel)Just last week, Warner Bros. and DC Comics announced their plans for Blue Beetle in an effort to present the first Latino-led superhero movie. That news obviously came just months after Black Panther blew up the box office, eventually taking the #2 slot in 2018 global box office with $1.346 billion (Avengers: Infinity War was #1 with over $2 billion). Marvel itself unveiled its plans&nbsp;for Shang-Chi, which promises to do for Marvel’s superheroes what Crazy Rich Asians did for romantic comedies. Also called Master of Kung Fu (and in another title, Deadly Hands of Kung Fu), Shang-Chi is a martial arts hero who spun out of the same exploitation-inspired era of 1970s Marvel Comics that gave us Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Ghost Rider, and The Punisher. Unlike Black Panther, however, Shang-Chi has some unwanted baggage that any movie based on him is going to have find a way around. To that end, Marvel has hired Asian-American screenwriter Dave Callaham, whose credits include Doom, The Expendables, 2020’s Wonder Woman 1984, and the animated sequel to next week’s Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. Callaham’s track record on the Tomatometer is currently entirely Rotten.1. THE G.I. JOE FRANCHISE IS GETTING A SNAKE EYES SPINOFF(Photo by Jaimie Trueblood/Paramount Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)We’re still a few weeks away from the release of the Transformers spinoff Bumblebee later this month (12/21/18), but Paramount, the studio&nbsp;behind it, is already looking at doing a spinoff of another Hasbro franchise. They’ve already released two attempts at a G.I. Joe franchise, but neither film posted box office results anywhere close&nbsp;to Transformers. Regardless, Paramount is now developing a Snake Eyes movie to be directed by Robert Schwentke (Flightplan, R.I.P.D., Insurgent). Although Schwentke’s adaptation of the Red comic book series did&nbsp;earn a Certified Fresh 70% Tomatometer, most of his other films are Rotten. It’s not yet known if Ray Park will return as Snake Eyes&nbsp;or if Paramount will be looking at rebooting the character entirely.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"australia, Comics, 99%, unscripted, scene, concert, See, It, cinemax, lee, Year, franchise, One, Video","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/07111052/Aquaman2-Ketchup-Rep.jpg","slug":"aquaman-2-is-in-the-works-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509210867278","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Will Smith to Star in Wild Bunch Remake?","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Weekly Ketchup: Will Smith to Star in Wild Bunch Remake?\n                        Plus, new roles for Chris Pine, Robert Downey Jr, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | May 17, 2013                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThis week’s Ketchup covers the days leading up to this year’s Cannes Film Festival, at which dozens of movies are announced, and casting deals are made.  Included in the mix are two new movies each for Chris Pine, Will Smith, and Hailee Steinfeld, and also new roles for Robert Downey Jr, Shia LaBeouf, and Arnold Schwarzenegger… in The Toxic Avenger?\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nTHIS WEEK IN WILL SMITH: AFTER EARTH 2 AND A MODERNIZED REMAKE OF THE WILD BUNCH?\n\nThe first week of Cannes is sort of weird because there’s a lot of movie news, but it’s not all necessarily what most people would call “big movie news.”  What ends up here this week isn’t anything that might have made it any other given week.  Having said that, Will Smith is still one of the world’s biggest movie stars working today, and both of these stories involve him. First up, there was the otherwise sort of boringly worded announcement that the business agreements have been put in place which would allow for the development of a sequel to the upcoming May 31st release After Earth.  Like the marketing for the movie, this announcement almost doesn’t mention that After Earth was directed by M. Night Shyamalan.  And now, we get to the story that is also the Most Rotten Idea of the Week: Will Smith is in talks with Warner Bros to produce and star in a remake of Sam Peckinpah’s classic Western The Wild Bunch.  If the remake was a Western, that might be slightly more okay, but we didn’t get to the really rotten part yet.  This remake will be about a modern “disgraced” DEA agent (likely to be played by Smith) who gets together a team to go after a Mexican drug lord (and his money).  In other words, it’s as much a remake of The Wild Bunch about as 10 Things I Hate About You was a remake of The Taming of the Shrew.  Warner Bros is currently looking for a new director for the remake following the suicide last year of director Tony Scott, who was previously developing it as a future project.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 THIS WEEK IN JFK ASSASSINATION CONSPIRACY THRILLERS: THE STARS OF THE AVIATOR COMPETE \n\nHollywood producers sure do love competing with each other with similar projects. Another pair of dueling projects you can add to the list is the “JFK assassination conspiracy thriller.”  In one corner, there’s David Mamet’s Blackbird, which Cate Blanchett is attached to star in.  Blanchett will play a woman who travels to Los Angeles for the funeral of her Hollywood special effects wizard grandfather, and she discovers that he was involved in something secret and dangerous (and given the theme of this story, you already sort of know what it involves).  That movie’s story might be more in the realm of fiction, whereas the adaptation of the book Legacy of Secrecy might be more fact based (“might” is always a key word with JFK conspiracy theories).   That movie is reportedly now being developed by writer/director David O. Russell (The Fighter, Silver Linings Playbook).  If everything comes together the way the producers hope, Legacy of Secrecy might see David O. Russell reuniting with Robert De Niro, and working for the first time with Leonardo DiCaprio.  Now, as for why these movies are all being developed right now, well, this November is the 50th anniversary of JFK’s assassination (though neither film is likely to be finished in time to actually be released then).\n\n\n\t\n#2 SAMUEL L. JACKSON AND HAILEE STEINFELD COSTAR IN BARELY LETHAL (AND ALSO GET A NEW MOVIE A PIECE)\n\nIn a week like this with so many stories being announced, this column attempts to find links that allow more than 10 stories to get mentioned within the space of 10 entries.  This one starts with Barely Lethal, which will see Hailee Steinfeld (True Grit) playing a teen assassin trained by a mentor to be played by Samuel L. Jackson.  Steinfeld will also costar with Sam Worthington in For the Dogs, in which he is the one who plays an assassin, one who agrees to help a teenage girl get revenge on the murderers of her parents.  Finally, let’s go back and pick up Samuel L. Jackson again, who will star in a movie called Big Game as the President of the United States, who is discovered by a teenager after Air Force One is shot down.  And then they have adventures, one would presume.\n\n\n\t\n#3 CHARLIE KAUFMAN’S NEXT IS THE ANIMATED MOVIE ANOMALISA\n\nCharlie Kaufman is one of the few screenwriters that has his own active community of fans, even if his output has slowed down lately, following a fin-de-(last)-siecle rush that included Being John Malkovich, Adaptation, and Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.   Kaufman also got into directing with Synecdoche, New York.  And now with an adapation of his own play called Anomalisa, Kaufman will be getting into the (independent) animation business, too.  Jennifer Jason Leigh, Tom Noonan, and David Thewlis, who all appeared on stage in Kaufman’s play, will also be providing their voices to this story of a man who falls in love with a woman (Charlie Kaufman is known for original ideas like that).  Financing for Anomalisa is also coming from Kickstarter, but it’s not really making much news in the way that Veronica Mars or Zach Braff’s next movie (which is not a sequel to Garden State, by the way) has.\n\n\n\t\n#4 ROBERT DOWNEY JR. AND BRADLEY COOPER ARE BOTH SET TO STAR IN MOVIES CALLED CHEF\n\nPeople have making movies for over a century now, and yet there are still common words that haven’t been used as titles for major motion pictures yet.  One of them is Chef, but there are currently two different movies with that title being hawked at Cannes that both have A-list stars attached as the lead.  One of them is Bradley Cooper, and his Chef will be directed by John Wells of ER fame.   The other is Robert Downey Jr, and for Marvel fans, his is the more appealing (and arguably gimmicky).  That is because that Chef reunites the Iron Man 2 trio of RDJ, Scarlett Johansson and director Jon Favreau.  Favreau’s Chef is also more generally cast, with Bobby Cannavale, John Leguizamo, and Sofia Vergara also cast.  Both movies are about guys who take food, mix them up a bit, usually (though not always) apply heat, and produce something that is still food… and yet, it’s something completely different now, too.  There’s no word yet as to whether either Chef movie will be in 3D or have budgets in the triple digits.\n\n\n\t\n#5 CHRIS PINE WAS POPULAR THE WEEK BEFORE STAR TREK INTO DARKNESS\n\nChris Pine’s name came up twice this week before the theatrical release of Star Trek Into Darkness.  Pine, Amanda Seyfried (Mamma Mia, Les Miserables) and Chewitel Ejiofor (2012, American Gangster) have all been cast in the science fiction thriller Z for Zachariah, based upon a novel by Robert C. O’Brien.  The story concerns a girl (possibly Seyfried) who at first believes that she’s alone after a nuclear attack, but eventually discovers that she’s not.  Presumably it’s more exciting than that.  Craig Zobel (Compliance) will direct Z for Zachariah, and filming is expected to start in August.  Chris Pine’s other big news this week was that he and Jake Gyllenhaal are both in talks to play the two prince brothers who are the romantic interests of Cinderella and Rapunzel in the adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim musical Into the Woods.  If Pine and Gyllenhaal sign on, this would be the first song-and-dance musical for both actors.  Emily Blunt and Christine Baranski are also in talks for roles.\n\n\n\t\n#6 HUGO STARS CHLOE MORETZ AND ASA BUTTERFIELD WILL REUNITE FOR ANOTHER ADVENTURE AT THE WHITE CIRCUS\n\nChloe Moretz and Asa Butterfield, who costarred together in Martin Scorsese’s Hugo, have both signed on to also costar in a “dark fairytale” movie called The White Circus.  The film will be executive produced by Terry Gilliam, and will mark the feature film directorial debut of Chris Lavis and Maciek Szczerbowski, who work together under the pseudonym of “Clyde Henry.”  Filming is scheduled to start in February, 2014 at locations in Germany and Serbia.  The story of The White Circus “revolves around a young pilot who crashes his plane in a war-torn town where he befriends a talking circus bear, falls in love with a cabaret singer and challenges a maniacal despot.”  And Terry Gilliam is involved with such a film…?  GASP!\n\n\n\n#7 SHIA LABEOUF TO COSTAR IN THE WILDERNESS SURVIVAL THRILLER VILLAIN\n\nShia LaBeouf is set to costar as one of two brothers forced to reunite in a dangerous wilderness setting in a thriller with the surprisingly unused title of Villain.  This film will be directed by Juan Carlos Fresnadillo (Intacto, 28 Weeks Later), who had previously been attached to direct the reboot of The Crow this year, but will be working on this film instead.  That connection is important thematically, because the Villain script was written by Joshua Zetumer, who was one of the cowriters of another action remake, next year’s RoboCop.\n\n\n\nRotten Ideas of the Week\n\t\n#3 THERE IS NO MOVIE OF MEDIEVAL TIMES BECAUSE THERE WERE NO MOVIES IN MEDIEVAL TIMES\n\nThere are only nine locations, so unless they remember it from movies like The Cable Guy or Garden State, most people are probably not that familiar with the existence of the Medieval Times restaurant franchise.  Basically, Medieval Times is like a mainstreamed Renaissance Festival, where diners can go to watch pretend knights ride around on horseys, while perhaps discussing the myriad ways in which their dinners are anachronistic to the Medieval Times theme.  Of course, so are those magical orbs of light above your head keeping the room from being pitch black.  Anyway, the production companies BenderSpink (The Ruins, The Butterfly Effect) and Broken Road (Jack and Jill, The Sorcerer’s Apprentice) are teaming up for a Medieval Times movie.  There’s no other details known yet, but it will probably be a “comedy.” Though not necessarily intentionally.\n\n\n\t\n#2 FORMER A-LISTER ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER TO HAVE SUPPORTING ROLE IN THE TOXIC AVENGER REMAKE\n\nIt might be difficult for younger movie fans to imagine it, but there was a time when Arnold Schwarzenegger was considered an A-list movie star whose involvement in a project was hotly sought after, and presumed to guarantee box office success.  Since leaving political office as the governor of California, however, Schwarzenegger has just costarred (with a lot of other older actors) in The Expendables 2, and when he did go solo in The Last Stand, the world mostly ignored it.  The next step down for Arnold Schwarzenegger’s career will be a supporting role in a remake of a Lloyd Kaufman/Troma movie called The Toxic Avenger. Schwarzenegger is in talks to play “the Exterminator” (get it?), a former black ops agent who trains “Toxie,” a young nerd who falls into a vat of toxic chemicals, transforming him into a disfigured monster with superhuman strength.  This new version of The Toxic Avenger will be directed by Steve Pink (Hot Tub Time Machine) in late 2013 after he wraps up filming of the sequel Hot Tub Time Machine 2.\n\n\n\n#1 This week, the Most Rotten Idea was also the Top Story of the Week.\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"award, Superheroes, Arrowverse, Bravo, female","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Will-Smith-to-Star-in-Wild-Bunch-Remake"},{"id":"47509213434484","title":"Weekly Ketchup: R.I.P. Director Tony Scott","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Weekly Ketchup: R.I.P. Director Tony Scott\n                        Plus, new roles for Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Jim Carrey, and James Franco.\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | August 24, 2012                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThis Week’s Ketchup covers movie development news stories about potential roles for James Franco, Brad Pitt and Denzel Washington, the superhero sequels Kick-Ass 2: Balls to the Wall and Thor: The Dark World, remakes of The Rocketeer, Videodrome and the Jack Ryan franchise, as well as a reflection on the impact following the death of one of Hollywood’s most successful directors.\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nR.I.P. DIRECTOR TONY SCOTT, 1944-2012\n\nOn Sunday, August 19th, director Tony Scott (and brother of Ridley Scott), committed suicide by jumping off the Vincent Thomas Bridge in the San Pedro port district of Los Angeles.  Scott left behind over 15 major Hollywood productions which included Top Gun, True Romance, Enemy of the State, and four films with Denzel Washington (Man on Fire, Deja Vu, The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3, and Unstoppable).  Like many of Hollywood’s top directors, Scott always had a full slate of films in development for the future, and his death leaves most of them in an unknown state, as Scott’s industry friends are still reeling in shock.  The highest profile of those planned projects is the Top Gun sequel that Scott and Tom Cruise were scouting locations for as recently as two days before his death.  Scott’s development slate also included two remakes:  one of Sam Peckinpah’s The Wild Bunch, and one of Walter Hill’s The Warriors.  In 2009, Tony Scott spoke to Rotten Tomatoes exclusively about his plans for the remake of The Warriors, which included a massive gang ensemble crowd scene to be filmed on the very bridge from which Scott took his own life.  Other projects that he was attached to included the military crime thriller Narco Sub (which is about exactly what it sounds like), a Mickey Rourke mob thriller called Potsdamer Platz, and a Vince Vaughn film called Lucky Strike set in the world of “jet repossession.”  This column is normally dedicated to covering the movies that will be in your theater in the near future, but this week, our headline is dedicated to the loss felt by Scott’s friends and families, and the films we will never see.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 BRAD PITT AND DENZEL WASHINGTON MAY HEAD DOWN TO THE CANDY STORE\n\nWriter/director Stephen Gaghan hasn’t directed a movie since Syriana in 2005, but despite the delay, his return is attracting some major A list star attention.  Candy Store is described as a crime thriller about a Brooklyn beat cop who discovers that a global criminal organization is operating right in his neighborhood.  Brad Pitt is currently the top choice, and is in negotiations, to play the cop, with the other major role being discussed with Denzel Washington.  Christoph Waltz is also in talks with Lionsgate for a supporting role.  If the deal can’t be worked out with Brad Pitt, other possibilities include Ben Affleck, Christian Bale, Bradley Cooper, and Matt Damon.  If Denzel Washington drops out, Jamie Foxx has also been mentioned as a possibility for that role.  Stephen Gaghan also won an Academy Award for adapting the screenplay for Traffic.\n\n\n\t\n#2 SOON, FEMALE ACTION STARS WILL BE DOING IT FOR THEMSELVES… IN A FEMALE VERSION OF THE EXPENDABLES\n\nWith The Expendables 2 in theaters this past weekend, that movie is obviously going to be getting a lot of press in this late-August, nothing-much-else-going-on, dog-days-of-Summer period.  Enter independent action producer Adi Shankar (The Grey, Dredd 3D, Killing Them Softly), who has announced that he has his own trick casting project in development.  Although his film would have no official ties to The Expendables, basically what Adi Shankar is working on is a female version of The Expendables.  This has led to movie bloggers and columnists all around the Internet to start compiling their dream casting lists, which usually start with Sigourney Weaver and Linda Hamilton, move on to Angelina Jolie, Milla Jovovich, and Kate Beckinsale, and sometimes name check the likes of Gina Carano, Lynn Collins, or Michelle Rodriguez.   Of course, this would be a very good place to note that Adi Shankar’s announcement didn’t mention any actress, specifically, so we don’t actually know for sure who may or may not end up signing up for this movie.  In other news, Adi Shankar’s company (which is called 1984 Private Defense Contractors… really), also made the news this week by starting development on an action movie based on the 1990s Rob Liefeld comic book series Bloodstrike.  Basically, all that one needs to know about Bloodstrike is that they were super powered government assassins who were brought back from the dead, and two of their members looked a lot like Deadpool and Wolverine.\n\n\n\t\n#3 KURSE IN THOR: THE DARK WORLD WON’T MISTAKE COINCIDENCE FOR FATE\n\nA while back, Christopher Eccleston was cast as Malekith the Accursed, leader of the Dark Elves of Svartalfheim, in Thor: The Dark World.  Just as Loki wasn’t the only villain in the first Thor, Malekith is going to have company in this sequel as well.  Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, who fans of TV shows with very short titles know as both Adebisi (OZ) and Mr. Eko (LOST), has been cast as the Dark Elf warrior Algrim the Strong, AKA Kurse.  Eccleston and AAA will be joined by several returning cast members from the first film, which this week we learned will include Kat Dennings as Jane Foster’s friend Darcy Lewis.  Marvel Studios has scheduled Thor: The Dark World for release on November 8th, 2013.\n\n\t\n#4 THE TOM CLANCY REBOOTS MAY BE A REUNION OF THE STARS OF… THIS MEANS WAR?\n\nAlthough the film earned a worldwide box office take of $155 million, the 2012 spy-romance-action film This Means War is generally seen as at least a critical flop (25% on the RT Tomatometer).  One might think that would be bad news for that film’s male leads, until one remembers that Chris Pine is still the new Captain Kirk, and Tom Hardy had a little movie this summer where he traipsed around with a metal octopus thing over his mouth.  Paramount Pictures has had Chris Pine attached to star in their reboot of Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan character for a while now.  This week, it was revealed that for the character of Navy SEAL-turned-CIA-operative John Clark, who will get his own spin off in Without Remorse, Paramount is looking to cast Pine’s This Means War costar, the aforementioned Tom Hardy.  Kevin Costner has also been confirmed as accepting an offer to star in both films as the CIA liason for both Jack Ryan and John Clark.  The premise of Tom Clancy’s original Without Remorse novel is definitively set during the Vietnam War, which will probably be updated to some place like Afghanistan.  The Jack Ryan reboot film is currently scheduled by Paramount Pictures for late 2013, with Without Remorse probably to be expected later on in 2014 or 2015.\n\n\n\t\n#5 JIM CARREY MIGHT LEAD JUSTICE FOREVER IN KICK-ASS 2: BALLS TO THE WALL\n\nBack in 2010, during Conan O’Brien’s “The Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour,” Jim Carrey joined O’Brien on stage for a musical number wearing a green-and-yellow-striped Kick-Ass costume.  Now, Universal Pictures is apparently attempting to take advantage of Carrey’s status as a Kick-Ass fanboy by starting negotiations for Carrey to actually costar in the sequel, now known as Kick-Ass 2: Balls to the Wall.  If the deal goes through, Jim Carrey would play an ex-mafia member called Colonel Stars, who with his brother Lieutenant Stripes forms a superhero group called Justice Forever, who find themselves countered by a team of villains led by the villain from the first film.  All of this is based on Mark Millar’s second Kick-Ass mini-series, and Millar is already working on Kick-Ass 3 (the comic book).  In addition to returning cast members Aaron Johnson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and Chloe Moretz, the sequel’s new cast includes Morris Chestnut, Donald Faison, and John Leguizamo.  Universal Pictures has already scheduled Kick-Ass 2: Balls to the Wall for June 28, 2013.\n\n\n\t\n#6 THIS WEEK IN JAMES FRANCO NEWS: AS I LAY DYING, HOMEFRONT, THIRD PERSON\n\nSome weeks, you have to figure that an actor tries to get a bulk discount with their publicist by having them announce multiple movies simultaneously.  The winner of this week’s Publicist Blue Plate Special is one James Edward Franco.  First up, let’s discuss Franco’s directorial debut with As I Lay Dying, based on the novel by William Faulkner, about a family fulfilling a dying woman’s last wish to be buried in her Mississippi hometown.  Like the novel, Franco’s film will be an ensemble affair, telling the story from twelve different perspectives, and this week, we learned that the cast will include Danny McBride, Tim Blake Nelson, Logan Marshall Green, Ahna O’Reilly, Jim Parrack, and James Franco, himself.  Filming is scheduled to start in Mississippi in October.  Next up on the James Franco Express is an action movie called Homefront, which will be directed by Gary Fleder (Runaway Jury, Don’t Say a Word) from a script by Sylvester Stallone.  Jason Statham will play an ex-DEA agent who moves to a small town hoping to find some peace and quiet, but instead he gets into trouble with the local meth kingpin named Gator and his biker chick girlfriend, played by James Franco and Winona Ryder, respectively.   Finally, there is Third Person, from writer/director Paul Haggis (Crash, In the Valley of Elah), which tells the story of three different love stories in three different cities (New York, Paris, and Rome).  Liam Neeson and Olivia Wilde were already cast in Third Person, but this week, Mila Kunis also signed on, and James Franco and Casey Affleck are also in talks for roles.   There’s no word yet as to whether Franco might also take roles in Candy Store, Bloodstrike, Thor: The Dark World, Without Remorse, Kick-Ass 2: Balls to the Wall, Maleficent, or the remakes of The Rocketeer and Videodrome.\n\n\n\nRotten Ideas of the Week\n\t\n#3 ANGELINA JOLIE’S CLEOPATRA LOSES A DIRECTOR, AND MALEFICENT GAINS A DAUGHTER (SORT OF)\n\nThis week saw Angelina Jolie’s name mentioned in two very different stories, although the characters at the heart of both films arguably have some things in common.  First up (and the reason this story is a “Rotten Idea”) is the news that director David Fincher (The Social Network, Fight Club) has dropped out of Sony Pictures’ planned Cleopatra biopic, based on the book by Stacy Schiff.  The “only so-so” box office results of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo are reportedly being at least partly blamed for the cooling off between David Fincher and Sony Pictures.  It’s worth noting, however, that Fincher is hardly to blame for that film not setting the world on fire.  The fact that its release came so recently after the (quite excellent) Swedish film starring Noomi Rapace has to bear some brunt of the responsibility (especially globally).  Sony Pictures hasn’t given up on the Cleopatra biopic, however, and is considering other directors, including Ang Lee (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon), whose The Life of Pi has a really fantastic trailer in theaters right now.   In other news, a young four-year-old actress named Vivienne Jolie-Pitt has been cast as the young Princess Aurora in the Disney 3D film Maleficent, which is a live action adaptation of Disney’s Sleeping Beauty.  Elle Fanning plays the older Princess Aurora, and Jolie-Pitt’s mom (not at all coincidentally) plays the title character.  Maleficent is currently in production and scheduled for release on March 14, 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#2 DISNEY MAY RELAUNCH THE ROCKETEER\n\nThe 1991 live action adaptation of the graphic novel The Rocketeer is arguably the rare film that is both a throwback to an earlier time, distinctly of its own time, and also ahead of its time.  The reasons The Rocketeer pulled off those distinctions is that it was a “retro action film” set in the 1930s (ala Raiders of the Lost Ark), but as a superhero movie, it arguably was made a decade too soon.  Well, there’s now new management at Walt Disney Pictures, and reportedly the studio is looking to revive and remake The Rocketeer.  As of yet, there are no creative people attached to the project, but Disney is starting to take meetings with writers.  And now, some more back story: The Rocketeer got its start in the 1980s in independent comic books, created by the late Dave Stevens.  The premise of The Rocketeer was intended as an homage to old serial heroes (Flash Gordon, King of the Rocket Men, etc), and it’s pretty simple: a pilot in 1930s Los Angeles finds a jet pack designed by Howard Hughes, and uses it to fly around and fight bad guys, save the girl, etc.  The 1991 movie was directed by Joe Johnston, who would go on to direct another nostalgic superhero movie, Captain America: The First Avenger.  The film was perceived as a box office flop at the time, but it retains a “Fresh” Tomatometer score (61%), and has, over the last 20 years, developed a loyal fanbase.  The idea of remaking The Rocketeer still, however, seems like something of a cash grab, and that’s why it’s one of the week’s Rotten Ideas.\n\n\n\t\n#1 THE VIDEODROME REMAKE SUGGESTS THAT SOMEONE AT UNIVERSAL DIDN’T ACTUALLY SEE VIDEODROME\n\nBack in 2009, the Weekly Ketchup covered news of Universal starting development on a remake of David Cronenberg’s graphic and freaky Videodrome.  For a while, it had seemed like Universal had wised up and long since ditched those plans, but this week proved that not to be the case.  Universal Pictures is now in talks with commercials director Adam Berg for him to make his feature debut on a remake of Videodrome.   This Videodrome remake was written by Ehren Kruger, writer of such films as Scream 3 and Transformers: Dark of the Moon, who is also producing the remake.  James Woods starred in the original Videodrome as the head of a sleazy cable channel always on the lookout for sexy and violent material, whose interest in a satellite feed of torture called Videodrome leads him into an experience where reality and fantasy cross. If you’ve ever seen images of James Woods holding a “flesh gun”, or with a huge gaping hole in his abdomen, that was Videodrome. Now, Universal wants to take what was an essentially small story of a man going insane and “blow it up into a large-scale sci-fi action thriller” and “infuse it with the possibilities of nano-technology.”  It was a crazy idea in 2009 (when this writer wrote much of the previous text, by the way), and it’s still one today, and that’s why it’s the week’s Most Rotten Idea.\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"movies, E!, Christmas, docuseries, 2019, Rey, The, lord, thriller, jamie, Sabrina","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-RIP-Director-Tony-Scott"},{"id":"47509216214671","title":"Weekly Ketchup: John Carter Sequel Already in the Works","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: John Carter Sequel Already in the WorksPlus, new roles for Will Ferrell and Jennifer Aniston, and a futuristic Zorro.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 17, 2012 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup covers a seven day period that had plenty of newsworthy announcements, but what was really missing was much that this writer could call a Fresh Development (except maybe the headline and one other story, and even then… both are borderline). Also included in the mix are another Hitchcock remake, a prequel/sequel for I Am Legend, a Twisted Metal video game adaptation movie, a Zorro reboot, and new roles for Jennifer Aniston and Will Ferrell.This Week’s Top StoryJOHN CARTER SEQUEL ALREADY BEING WRITTENThe 100 year wait for a movie based on Edgar Rice Burroughs’ John Carter will finally end on March 9, 2012. Although there’s no way of knowing yet whether John Carter will be successful enough to warrant another film, the film’s director Andrew Stanton (Finding Nemo, WALL-E) is already working with his cowriter Michael Chabon on adapting the second book The Gods of Mars in the series anyway. Michael Chabon is best known as the novelist responsible for Wonder Boys and the Pulitzer Prize winning superhero novel The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier &amp; Clay. It’s also very important to note that Walt Disney Pictures hasn’t yet actually given John Carter: The Gods of Mars a greenlight yet (for obvious reasons). If they do, however, The Gods of Mars is the novel in which Burroughs really expanded the scope of John Carter’s adventures, setting the stage for following novels (especially since The Gods of Mars ends on a cliffhanger). If John Carter is indeed a hit, and Disney moves ahead with plans for an ongoing series of adaptations, there are still seven more novels to adapt after The Gods of Mars.Fresh Developments This Week#1 DISNEY TAKES THE SNOW WHITE OUT OF THE ORDER OF THE SEVENWith two Snow White movies coming out in 2012 alone, that creates a bit of a conundrum for the other studios with Snow White projects in development, as they stand the chances of being the third and/or fourth Snow White movies in recent memory. Walt Disney Pictures in particular has to tread that subject carefully, since their ABC network already airs the Snow White TV series Once Upon a Time, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is after all the original “Disney” movie. And so, what Disney has done is take the “Snow White” out of the movie formerly known as Snow and the Seven, and retitled it as The Order of the Seven. We also now know that Irish actress Saoirse Ronan (Hanna, The Lovely Bones, Atonement) will star in The Order of the Seven, as an Englishwoman in 19th century China who is protected by a band of seven martial arts enthusiasts. With these new changes, however, all of the little in joke things about the story being a reimagination of Snow White are now out the window, with the story still being basically the same. The Order of the Seven will also be the directorial debut of visual effects supervisor Michael Gracey, whose most famous movie to date was Ned Kelly, starring Heath Ledger as the infamous Australian outlaw. The question now is whether taking the Snow White out of this movie will end up being a good thing or not (or, should the movie just stay unmade, period?). Let’s call this news a borderline “Fresh Development”… barely.Rotten Ideas of the Week#8 WILL FERRELL WILL BECOME THE FLAMINGO THIEFWill Ferrell has signed with Ben Stiller’s Red Hour production company to star in the crime drama Flamingo Thief, based upon the novel by Susan Trott. Flamingo Thief is about a multimillionaire whose son recently died and whose private life and business is starting to fall apart, and so he starts stealing flamingo ornaments from people’s lawns. Flamingo Thief was adapted by screenwriter Michael LeSieur (You, Me and Dupree, The Maiden Heist), who will also be making his directorial debut with this film. You, Me and Dupree was critically reviled (with just 21% on the RT Tomatometer), but besides that… this movie is also a dramedy about Will Ferrell stealing flamingo lawn ornaments.#7 JENNIFER ANISTON JOINS MISS YOU ALREADY AND SWITCHThis week, Jennifer Aniston joined two new movies, one of which is a dramedy called Miss You Already about two female friends whose relationship falls apart when one becomes pregnant, and the other becomes ill. So far, everything about that movie seems pretty predictable, right? Here’s the weird part: Miss You Already will be directed by Paul Andrew Williams, an English director whose most “popular” movies to date were the direct-to-video (in the USA) horror titles The Cottage and Cherry Tree Lane (check out the poster art here and here to get an idea of what sort of movies those were). It’s not impossible for “genre” directors to make other types of movies… but it’s still unexpected for a Jennifer Aniston movie. To be fair, that same director recently made Song for Marion, a cancer drama starring Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave. Jennifer Aniston’s other new movie this week is the Elmore Leonard adaptation Switch, which will also costar Dennis Quaid, Ty Burrell (from TV’s Modern Family), John Hawkes and Yasiin Bey. Hawkes and Bey are playing the younger versions of the Jackie Brown characters that were played in that movie by Robert De Niro and Samuel L. Jackson. Switch is a kidnapping crime story, and Jennifer Aniston will be playing the wife of a real estate developer (Quaid) whose relationship with her husband creates complications for the first time kidnappers. Both of these movies are Rotten Ideas this week based mostly on Jennifer Aniston’s RT Tomatometer track record, which really merits attention. Of the dozens of movies Jennifer Aniston has now made, only six of her roles have “Fresh” scores on the Tomatometer, effectively giving Aniston herself a Rotten score of something like 25%. There’s also the little, confusing fact that Jennifer Aniston already starred in a movie called The Switch.#6 THE INEVITABLE FOUND FOOTAGE SPOOF WILL BE CALLED SMART ASSYou know a movie genre or trend has really become over saturated when it comes time for it to be spoofed. For the “found footage” movies like Paranormal Activity and The Devil Inside Me, that spoof will be called Smart Ass, though what exactly it will be about is not yet known. Marlon Wayans has some experience with spoof movies, having played Shorty in the first two Scary Movie… movies, and so he will be making his directorial debut with Smart Ass, as well as costarring. Marlon Wayans’ first announced costar in Smart Ass is Essence Atkins, who also costars in the TBS comedy series Are We There Yet?, and who also costarred in the spoof movie Dance Flick, which was directed by Marlon’s nephew Damien Dante Wayans. As much as this writer appreciates the sentiment behind spoofing found footage movies, spoofs themselves don’t really have a great critical past themselves, and so that’s why Smart Ass is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas. And then there’s Marlon Wayans himself, who only ever has gotten a Fresh rating himself because he was in Requiem for a Dream.#5 FOUND FOOTAGE MOVIES ARE STILL BEING MADE, AND ONE OF THEM IS (MAYBE?) CALLED CHERNOBYL DIARIESNormally, movies that get released by the big studios take some time to get made, and there are also “movie stars” that help draw attention to the projects. The “found footage” trend bypasses a lot of that, however: they’re cheap and quick to make, and usually don’t have any recognizable cast members. And so, they can slide under the radar of features like the Weekly Ketchup a lot of the time. This week, Warner Bros and Alcon Entertainment announced that they had acquired the rights to a horror movie called Chernobyl Diaries, which will be released just in time for Memorial Day weekend this May. Very, very little is known about Chernobyl Diaries, except that it’s about “a group of friends who, while vacationing in Europe, find themselves stranded in the abandoned city only to discover that they are not alone.” In fact, we don’t even know for sure that Chernobyl Diaries even is a “found footage” movie, except that it was produced by Oren Peli, the director of the first Paranormal Activity and producer of the sequels, as well as other found footage projects like the upcoming Area 51, The Bay, and Lords of Salem, and the ABC TV series The River. So, yeah, that gives us a little hint that it might be a found footage horror movie. Whatever else it is, Chernobyl Diaries appears to definitely be a cheaply made horror movie, and although there are some success stories, generally, they tend to be Rotten Ideas.#4 ANOTHER TWIST IN THE LONG ROAD TO GREAT VIDEO GAME MOVIES: TWISTED METALThis week, in the days leading up to the release of Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, that movie’s studio, Sony Pictures, made a deal with one of the film’s codirectors to write and direct an adaptation of the video game series Twisted Metal. Brian Taylor normally works with Mark Neveldine, with whom he has directed the two Crank movies, and cowritten Jonah Hex. The Twisted Metal games are about violent demolition derby competitions that are basically like “Mortal Kombat with guns and cars,” or even more specifically, like “Death Race but with clown masks.” Stylistically, Brian Taylor seems like a good match for Twisted Metal, if it has to be a movie. Critically, however, Brian Taylor has traditionally not done well outside the two Crank movies.#3 GAEL GARCIA BERNAL IS THE NEW ZORRO… OF THE FUTUREPulp writer Johnston McCulley created Zorro in 1919 as a swashbuckling protector of the people of colonial era 19th century California, and that is basically the way he’s been portrayed in movies and TV series ever since. 20th Century Fox, however, has plans to revive the Zorro character in a completely different way: by moving him to the future. This week, that reboot project, now called Zorro Reborn, crossed an important milestone in the casting of Mexican actor Gael Garcia Bernal (Y Tu Mama Tambien, Bad Education, The Motorcycle Diaries) as the title character. This new Zorro won’t be set in Mexico or California at all, but will instead just be “a masked vigilante looking for revenge…” in the future. Fox hasn’t yet found a director for Zorro Reborn, which was adapted by screenwriter Glenn Gers (cowriter of Mad Money, Fracture) and newcomers Lee Shipman and Brian McGreevy. Although Gael Garcia Bernal is a talented actor whose films are generally well received critically, his joining this project still doesn’t quite overcome the handicap of it being a Zorro story… in the future.#2 ANOTHER ALFRED HITCHCOCK CLASSIC TO GET REMADE: SUSPICIONIt was just last week that DreamWorks announced plans to remake Alfred Hitchcock’s Rebecca. And now, this week, Paramount followed suit with their own plans to remake Hitchcock’s 1941 thriller Suspicion. Joan Fontaine won a Best Actress Oscar as a young bride who suspects that her new husband (Cary Grant) plans to kill her for her money. Rebecca and Suspicion do share some other things in common: they were released only a year apart, and both films are based upon novels from which they were not entirely adapted faithfully, especially in the third act. Paramount Pictures has hired TV producer/writer Veena Sud (AMC’s The Killing) to adapt the original 1932 Frances Iles novel Before the Fact, upon which Suspicion was based. It’s not yet known if the intent of this remake is to more faithfully adapt the original novel, or to directly remake the story as it was originally made. Regardless, Suspicion, like Rebecca or nearly any other Hitchcock film, doesn’t really seem like it needs to be remade, and so, it’s yet another Rotten Idea this week.#1 WARNER BROS GOES BACK TO THE FUTURE WITH I AM LEGEND PREQUEL/SEQUEL… THINGThe 2007 apocalyptic/undead thriller I Am Legend received a “Fresh” rating on the RT Tomatometer, so how exactly does one explain why this story is Rotten, without spoiling crucial details? Let’s start with the headline: Warner Bros is moving forward with plans for a follow up to I Am Legend. “Follow up” is probably a safer way of putting it, because it’s currently unclear what this movie will be: a prequel, a sequel, or something in between. Screenwriter Arash Amiel, who wrote the upcoming biopic Grace of Monaco has been hired to write it, so maybe the answer is that it’s not yet known exactly what form this will take until Amiel is finished writing it. Will Smith had made comments about this concept a few years back, but it’s also possible things have changed since then. Regardless, another way to look at this perhaps is that Richard Matheson never wrote any sort of prequel/sequel to I Am Legend, so maybe… that’s the way the story should stay.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via Facebook or a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"jones, spinoff, Adult, shows, witnail, RT21, Amazon","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-John-Carter-Sequel-Already-in-the-Works"},{"id":"47509216218769","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Adam Sandler to Conquer Candy Land","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Adam Sandler to Conquer Candy LandPlus, Matthew Vaughn returns to X-Men, and Joe Carnahan has a Death Wish.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 3, 2012 |  CommentsThe world of movie development news definitely got back in business after two weeks obsessed with Sundance, but it’s still January, and Hollywood tends not to do tons of really great things in January, it seems, at any point of the development cycle. And so, we got a week that includes news for two Hasbro game/toy adaptations, and just generally more Rotten Ideas than Fresh Developments yet again.This Week’s Top StoryADAM SANDLER WILL BE YOUR GUIDE TO CANDY LANDHasbro made two big deal announcements this week for movies based on their properties. The bigger news is the long-in-development movie based on the classic board game Candy Land. The movie was recently one of several Hasbro projects dropped by Universal Pictures, which still has Battleship, the first movie produced under that disintegrating deal, coming out this summer. Hasbro moved Candy Land to Columbia Pictures, along with attaching Adam Sandler and his Happy Madison production company. Adam Sandler will star in Candy Land, as well as cowrite with Robert Smigel, who also worked with Sandler on You Don’t Mess with the Zohan. There’s no word as to whether any of the previous writers will remain involved, but director Kevin Lima (Enchanted, 102 Dalmatians) is still attached to direct Candy Land despite the studio move. First published in 1949, Candy Land is a children’s board game that takes players through a series of candy-themed areas such as the Candy Cane Forest, the Lollypop Woods and Gum Drop Mountain. There are several male characters in the game, such as Lord Licorice, Mr. Mint and King Candy, but it’s not yet known what role Adam Sandler will be playing. This was also the week that Hasbro announced that the (even longer in development) movie adaptation of the 1970s “tug of war”-friendly superhero toy Stretch Armstrong is no longer based at Universal Pictures either. Stretch Armstrong is now in development at Relativity Media, the mini-studio responsible for such recent releases as Haywire, Immortals, Season of the Witch, Shark Night 3D, and Take Me Home Tonight. The move away from Universal also included the dropping of both Taylor Lautner (Abduction, the Twilight movies) and director Rob Letterman (2010’s Gulliver’s Travels; codirector of Shark Tale, Monsters vs Aliens). Even without any writer, director or star currently attached, Relativity Media has already scheduled Stretch Armstrong for a release date of April 11, 2014. Both of these stories can be considered Rotten Ideas (especially Candy Land).Fresh Developments This Week#1 MATTHEW VAUGHN WILL RE-ENROLL AT XAVIER’S SCHOOL FOR GIFTED YOUNGSTERSThis story is an example of two different movie news story styles: a) the buried lead and b) the confirmation of what most movie fans presumed would happen anyway. Regardless, it’s still big news for fans of last year’s X-Men: First Class, which is just shy of being the best rated X-Men movie on the RT Tomatometer. And here’s the actual news: in a business story about 20th Century Fox production president Emma Watts signing a new contract, it was also revealed that X-Men: First Class and Kick-Ass director Matthew Vaughn has been signed to direct the X-Men: First Class sequel, as well. The bad news is that the sequel is being written by producer Simon Kinberg, whose previous films include cowriting credits on X-Men: The Last Stand, Jumper and Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith. However, Matthew Vaughn (and writing partner Ashley Miller) generally also work on the scripts of the movies that Vaughn directs, so Kinberg’s influence shouldn’t necessarily be taken as a deathknelll for the “prequel sequel” just yet.#2 RUSSELL CROWE IS ARONOFSKY’S CHOICE TO PLAY NOAHNo deals are yet made, but Darren Aronofsky (Black Swan, The Wrestler, Requiem for a Dream) and Paramount Pictures are getting close to greenlight his Noah dream project, and we now know the two stars Aronofsky is hoping to land. Aronofsky hopes a deal can be made with Russell Crowe to build the legendary “Ark” builder, and with Liam Neeson to also sign on for another (currently unknown) role. Meanwhile, another project that Aronofsky had at one time been considering as his post-Black Swan film (before eventually focusing on Noah instead) is called Serena, and that film got casting news this week too. Bradley Cooper (The Hangover) and Jennifer Lawrence (The Hunger Games) will play a pair of newlyweds in 1929 North Carolina who move there to start a lumber empire, but their relationship soon goes sour. Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence also recently wrapped filming of this fall’s The Silver Linings Playbook, which they will be costarring in together. Back when Darren Aronofsky was developing Serena, he was hoping that Angelina Jolie would costar in the role that is now going to Jennifer Lawrence. The new director adapting the 2008 novel by Ron Rash will be Susanne Bier (Things We Lost in the Fire, After the Wedding).#3 RIDLEY SCOTT COUNSELS CORMAC MCCARTHY’S THE COUNSELORIt was just two weeks ago that we found out about The Counselor, the first spec script written by author Cormac McCarthy (The Road, No Country for Old Men, All the Pretty Horses). It didn’t take as long as usual for that script to find an interested producer-director, and when it happened, the interested party was, as they say, a “biggie.” Despite already having many other projects in development, Ridley Scott (American Gangster, Black Hawk Down, Alien, Gladiator) is now in talks to come aboard to direct and produce The Counselor as his next film after this summer’s sci-fi epic Prometheus. The story of The Counselor revolves around a respected lawyer who thinks he can get away with entering the drug business, only to discover that, yeah, it wasn’t such a great idea. The tone of The Counselor is being frequently compared to McCarthy’s Oscar winning No Country for Old Men. If The Counselor is indeed Ridley Scott’s next film as director, it will mean further delays for other Scott projects, such as Monopoly, The Forever War, Child 44, the Gertrude Bell and Gucci biopics and the sequel/spinoff of Blade Runner.#4 OSCAR WINNERS PACINO, WALKEN AND ARKIN ARE ALL STAND UP GUYSAl Pacino, Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin are all Academy Award winners (for Scent of a Woman, The Deer Hunter and Little Miss Sunshine, respectively). Now, the three veteran actors will team up for the Lionsgate action comedy Stand Up Guys, about two aging criminals who are faced with a difficult decision when one of them is hired to kill one of their friends. Stand Up Guys will be directed by actor/producer/director Fisher Stevens, whose previous films as director were the romantic comedy Just a Kiss and the documentary Crazy Love. Fisher Stevens also won an Oscar for producing the documentary The Cove, but most people probably know him from costarring in movies like Hackers and Short Circuit.#5 BILL HADER AND JOSH GAD ARE ME AND MY SHADOWThe last time that DreamWorks Animation produced a movie using any “traditional animation” was back in 2003 with Sinbad: The Legend of the Seven Seas, which was a huge box office disappointment despite a cast that included Brad Pitt in the starring role. Ten years later, DreamWorks will be ready to finally return to traditional animation (at least partially) with the 11/13/13 release of Me and My Shadow, and this week, we learned who some of the voice cast is going to be. Bill Hader (Saturday Night Live) will voice a shadow who is forced to take control of his boring human Stanley (voiced by Josh Gad of The Book of Mormon and The Daily Show with Jon Stewart) after an event in the shadow world endangers their lives. Kate Hudson will provide the voice of Stanley’s potential love interest in the human world. The “at least partially” part earlier was used because the human world will be depicted using CGI animation, while the shadow world will be traditionally animated, so that Me and My Shadow is a hybrid animated film, rather than just being one or the other. Me and My Shadow will also be the diretorial debut of Alessandro Carloni, who has worked on several of DreamWorks’ previous projects as an animator.Rotten Ideas of the Week#5 WILL SMITH AND RUSSELL CROWE WILL HELP TELL A WINTER’S TALEScreenwriter/producer Akiva Goldsman (Batman &amp; Robin, Lost in Space, The Da Vinci Code) has been trying to make his directorial debut for years now with a Warner Bros adaptation of the 1983 “magical realism” novel Winter’s Tale by Mark Helprin. The story revolves around a thief who falls in love with a dying girl who lives in a house he just burgled. Instead of starting with the two leads, Goldsman has instead found two A-list stars to take supporting roles. Will Smith will play a judge, and Russell Crowe will play the mob boss that the burglar works for. Winter’s Tale has long been in danger of being scrapped by Warner Bros, but with Smith and Crowe now attached, it is perceived as having a very good chance of finally being greenlit. Although Akiva Goldsman has written and produced some “Fresh” movies, the majority of his movies are still rated Rotten, and that’s why Winter’s Tale is one of this week’s Rotten Ideas. Plus, it features a flying white horse.#4 YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN A DEATH WISH MIGHT COME TRUE… OR GET REMADEDeath Wish was a 1974 “revenge killer” movie starring Charles Bronson that ended up spawning four sequels. Sylvester Stallone considered rebooting the franchise in the mid-2000s, but that project eventually fell apart. Now, the idea of a Death Wish remake has resurfaced, thanks to director Joe Carnahan (Narc, Smokin’ Aces, The A-Team, The Grey), who will write the adaptation of the 1972 Brian Garfield novel for MGM and Paramount. Joe Carnahan apparently heard a lot of feedback online about the idea of Death Wish being remade, because he soon after posted about it on his Twitter feed. Here’s what Carnahan had to say, “I’m doing Death Wish. But this version is a re-imagining of the book and set in present day Los Angeles. The L.A. of Collateral. It’s on buses, cabs, metro trains. I want to show an unseen version of L.A. L.A. on foot. Prowling. Hunting. The vast emptiness of downtown.” The idea of a Death Wish remake is a Rotten Idea not so much because of Carnahan’s record (which is basically mixed on the Tomatometer), but because, except for the first film, the Death Wish franchise was sort of awful.#3 ANOTHER BIN LADEN ASSASSINATION MOVIE CASTS UPDirector Kathryn Bigelow (The Hurt Locker) was considered quite lucky when Osama Bin Laden was killed last year, because at that very moment, she was preparing a project with the working title of Kill Bin Laden. Now currently untitled, that project is now filming and has a cast that includes Joel Edgerton, Mark Strong and Jessica Chastain. Bigelow’s project is no longer alone, however, as a movie called Code Name Geronimo is now filming in New Mexico, and it also depicts the true story of the small team of Navy SEALS who stormed Bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan. The actors announced this week as starring in Code Name Geronimo include Cam Gigandet (Twilight), Anson Mount (AMC’s Hell on Wheels), Freddy Rodriguez (HBO’s Six Feet Under) and rapper-turned-actor Xzibit (as Navy SEALS). William Fichtner (Armageddon), Kathleen Robertson (Beverly Hills 90210) and Eddie Kaye Thomas (American Pie) will also costar as CIA operatives. Code Name Geronimo is being directed by John Stockwell (Turistas, Blue Crush, Crazy/Beautiful) from a script by newcomer Kendall Lampkin. Code Name Geronimo is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas because it feels to this writer like a quickly put together reaction to Kathryn Bigelow’s already (relatively) long-in-development project, and generally, hasty filmmaking tends to get sloppy.#2 LIONSGATE’S TYLER PERRY’S MADEA’S WITNESS PROTECTION: IT’S FUN TO USE ‘SSurprising no one, Lionsgate and Tyler Perry have announced their 14th film together in just 7 years. This time, it’s another “comedy” in which Tyler Perry will cross-dress as the elderly lady Madea, in Madea’s Witness Protection. Eugene Levy (American Pie, SCTV) will costar as a New York City executive at the center of a Ponzi Scheme who seeks witness protection only to find himself placed with Madea in her Southern small town. There’s not really much more to say, except to point out that Tyler Perry’s prolific filmography continues to rate poorly with critics, and that’s why Madea’s Witness Protection is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas.#1: For this week’s Most Rotten Idea, see this week’s Top Story, specifically the whole section about Adam Sandler starring in a Candy Land movie. If that doesn’t paint enough of a mental image for you, consider Adam Sandler’s RT Tomatometer history. Oh, Hollywood…For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via Facebook or a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"99%, Office, TV, Now, Action, kaiju, Pictures, toy, Purge, Cannes, superman, Infographic, child's","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Adam-Sandler-to-Conquer-Candy-Land"},{"id":"47509228177151","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Peter Jackson’s Secret Sci-Fi Project","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Peter Jackson's Secret Sci-Fi ProjectPlus Brian Singer talks X-Men: First Classby Greg Dean Schmitz | December 25, 2009 |  CommentsThis Week’s Ketchup includes new projects for some famous directors (Peter Jackson, David Cronenberg), new details about X-Men: First Class, James Bond 23 and Machete, news of a Marvin the Martian movie, and a 1980s teen remake that Taylor Lautner might star in.FRESH DEVELOPMENTS#1 PETER JACKSON REVVING HIS MORTAL ENGINESAlthough no official announcement has been made yet, Peter Jackson’s hometown newspaper, Wellington’s Dominion Post, has broken the news that the Lord of the Rings director is currently developing a new “hush-hush” project that sees him venturing into full science fiction for the first time. Mortal Engines is the first of a four novel series by Philip Reeve, and is “set in a post-apocalyptic world where cities have become giant vehicles and must consume each other to survive.” Jackson’s Weta Workshops is “believed” to be working on designs for the series, including the giant mobile cities (which they will probably eventually construct as “bigatures”, as shown in the LOTR special features). Mortal Engines is not, however, Jackson’s only upcoming project, as he also has the second Tintin movie in the works (following the one directed by Steven Spielberg) in preproduction, and the World War II action movie Dambusters and his adaptation of the fantasy-historic novels also in development.#2 MORE X-MEN: FIRST CLASS DETAILS REVEAL THE DEATH OF ANOTHER X-MEN MOVIESince the previous entry in this column was written last Friday, more details have emerged from Bryan Singer about the scope of X-Men: First Class. In particular, it appears that Singer’s new vision for the movie (it’s being rewritten with a new writer) will be precluding the development of X-Men Origins: Magneto, with Singer saying that First Class “would probably utilize some of the Magneto story because it deals with a young Magneto, so it might supersede that because this would explore that relationship between a young energetic professor and a disenfranchised victim of the Holocaust.” Singer also revealed that “there is a romantic element… there will be a lot of new mutants and a great villain.” Now, Singer isn’t saying exactly which characters he will be using in First Class, and the previous films sort of make it difficult for him to use two of the original X-Men (Angel and Iceman) actually featured in the X-Men: First Class comic book unless Singer decides that First Class will be a completely fresh reboot. Regardless of the approach (a true prequel or a reboot that sticks to the comic roots), one character that seems difficult to pigeonhole into X-Men: First Class is Wolverine, who in both cases joins the X-Men at a much later point. As for the “great villain” that X-Men: First Class will feature, that is still a mystery. The X-Men: First Class comics featured a who’s who of characters from outside the normal “mutant universe” of X-Men stories like the Norse gods, the Skrulls, Man-Thing and the Lizard, none of which seem likely to be used for this movie. As for the original 1960s comics, the main villain was very often Magneto and his Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, but Magneto seems unlikely to be the villain that Singer is talking about. Finally, as for the romantic element that Singer alludes to, perhaps this movie will bring back Moira MacTaggert, the Scottish genetic scientist seen in X-Men: The Last Stand, who Charles Xavier has a romantic history with?#3 THE 23RD JAMES BOND MOVIE WILL SHOCK USDetails are still light on the plot of the 23rd James Bond movie, but screenwriter Peter Morgan (The Queen, The Last King of Scotland) this week revealed that “it is a shocking story,” although exactly what that means is completely vague and open to interpretation. Although Morgan wrote the script earlier this year, the project is currently on hold due to MGM’s financial problems, and the possible sale of the studio. Filming of James Bond 23 is not expected to happen until late 2010 or early 2011, suggesting a possible release date in late 2011. Meanwhile, Morgan is continuing work on another spy project, the movie version of the British miniseries Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, which was based upon a novel by John Le Carre.#4 CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF JUMP STREETColumbia Pictures is in negotiations with the directing team of Phil Lord and Chris Miller (Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs) to make their live-action debut with the movie version of the hit FOX TV show 21 Jump Street, which launched the career of Johnny Depp. Chris Miller also codirected Shrek the Third and is currently working on the franchise spin-off Puss in Boots. 21 Jump Street is the story of a special squad of police officers who go undercover posing as high school students, and Jonah Hill is already signed to executive produce and star. Stephen J. Cannell, the show’s producer, is also coproducing with Neil Moritz (xXx, The Fast and the Furious).#5 WARNER BROS EXEC TALKS ABOUT THE STUDIO’S DEVELOPMENT SLATEThis week, Collider.com is running a series of articles taken from a lengthy interview with Warner Bros producer Dan Lin, and over the course of them, the executive discusses several of the studio’s projects currently in development. First up, there was discussion of The LEGO Movie and the revelation of a previously unknown project called Gangster Squad. That’s being written by a former LAPD cop and is about the true story of gangster Mickey Cohen’s attempt to take over the Los Angeles mob, and the LAPD cops that were pulled together to try to stop him. That article was followed by one about the Terminator franchise (which Warner Bros may lose as the rights are being sold). The third piece was about the Tom and Jerry movie, which will be a live-action and CGI hybrid like so many of the movies being made based on classic animated characters these days. Also discussed at length in that article are WB’s plans for a full CGI movie based upon the Bone comic book series, which Lin describes (fairly accurately) as a cross between Shrek and Lord of the Rings, but with little white guys with big noses as the central characters. Finally, the most recent article (and there are more to come) discusses the possible Justice League movie, Suicide Squad (also based upon a DC Comics title, about a group of supervillains brought together to work for the government) and the movie version of Stephen King’s IT. Lin mentions that in January Warner Bros will be announcing their full plans for the future of their DC Comics adaptations (similar to what Marvel did a while back), and that brings us to a project that was rumored this week at the Pajiba site: the idea of a solo movie for Hawkman. The story is unsourced and therefore may not be reliable, but if it’s true, Hawkman may be the next Justice League member after Batman, Superman and Green Lantern to get his own recent movie, leading up to all of the characters coming together someday, similar to how Marvel is handling The Avengers.#6 MARVIN THE MARTIAN TO GET VERY, VERY ANGRY INDEED IN 2011Warner Bros has found the director for the next movie inspired by their classic Looney Tunes characters, Marvin the Martian, which now has a release date of October 7, 2011. The man for the job is Alex Zamm (Chairman of the Board, Inspector Gadget 2), who the studio also has signed to direct the long-in-developement Hong Kong Phooey movie, although this news means that that movie probably won’t be happening until at least 2012. Marvin the Martian is currently being written by Paul Kaplan and Mark Torgrove, who are TV writers whose credits include episodes of Spin City and Just Shoot Me, and are also working on the movie version of C.H.I.P.S. Marvin the Martian will be a combination of live action and CGI animation, and the story will revolve around Marvin’s mission to come to Earth to destroy Christmas, which gets foiled when Marvin gets trapped inside a gift-wrapped box. There’s one more piece of news about Marvin the Martian, and that’s who is being considered to provide his voice, and it’s Mike Myers, who as the voice of Shrek has obviously had a lot of experience at this point with voicing CGI animated characters.#7 MACHETE: THE TRILOGY THAT STARTED WITH A (FAKE) TRAILERTalking to IGN about the recently filmed movie adaptation of one of the fake Grindhouse trailers, Machete, the movie’s star Danny Trejo revealed that he and director Robert Rodriguez have hopes to continue the character’s story as part of a trilogy with Machete Kills and Machete Kills Again. The first Machete movie tells the story of a former Mexican Federale who is hired in Texas to assassinate a corrupt senator, only to discover that he has been set up, putting him on the run from an ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) officer. The all star cast includes Robert De Niro as the senator, Jessica Alba as the ICE agent, Steven Seagal as a drug lord, Lindsay Lohan, Rose McGowan, Daryl Sabara (Spy Kids) and Tom Savini (Sex Machine in From Dusk Till Dawn). There’s also something of a LOST reunion going on, with three of that show’s stars (Jeff Fahey, Michelle Rodriguez and Cheech Marin) costarring, and Cheech’s Nash Bridges costar Don Johnson also has a role. Here’s a link to the awesome R rated fake trailer that started it all. “He knows the score, he gets the women, and he kills the bad guys!”#8 TWO BASTERDS AND KEIRA KNIGHTLEY PRESCRIBED A CUREDirector David Cronenberg (A History of Violence, Eastern Promises) has several projects in development, but it appears that casting is underway for a project announced in 2007, suggesting that it will be his next. Via their Facebook page, an Australian distributor has revealed that The Talking Cure will star Keira Knightley, Michael Fassbender and Christoph Waltz, the latter two of which both costarred in Quentin Tarantino’s Inglourious Basterds as British film buff Archie Hicox and SS Officer Hans Landa, respectively. The Talking Cure is an adaptation of a 2002 play by Christopher Hampton about a Russian-Jewish patient (Knightley) who reportedly inspired some of the psychiatric discoveries made by both Carl Jung (Fassbender) and Sigmund Freud (Waltz), while Jung was working at a Zurich mental hospital in 1904. Christoph Waltz gave a fantastic performance as Hans Landa, so the prospect of him portraying Sigmund Freud in a David Cronenberg movie is really exciting.#9 MAYBE YOU CAN BE THE NEXT COEN BROS STAR (IF YOU’RE A TEENAGE GIRL, THAT IS)Having already cast Jeff Bridges, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin to star in their upcoming remake of True Grit, the Coen Bros have now started up an open casting call for an actress aged 12 to 16, with no experience necessary. “We are looking for a girl who’s tough, strong and tells it like it is. Must be able to portray Caucasian.” Aspiring young actresses can either attend upcoming casting sessions in Jackson, Michigan or Oklahoma (city to be announced), or tape themselves and send it to the casting call site. Filming starts in the spring of 2010. It’s worth noting that not only does the young actress not need to have any previous experience, but the Coens are also not requiring that at least one of her parents be actors, producers, directors, rock stars, cinematographers, casting agents or any other job in the film business. If the Coens are letting outsiders in on their promising new movie, who’s going to give much needed work to next year’s Miss Golden Globe?ROTTEN IDEA OF THE WEEK#1 TAYLOR LAUTNER MAY GO ON A REMAKE VISION QUESTTaylor Lautner, star of the apparently wildly popular The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D, might have yet another project that he’s considering, and this time it’s a remake: Vision Quest. First off, it’s important to note that for those who don’t remember Vision Quest, it’s not at all what it sounds like, but was instead a 1985 teen romance about the romance between a high school wrestler (Matthew Modine) and an older woman (Linda Fiorentino). The remake is in development at Warner Bros, and the project’s producers include Wyck Godfrey and Marty Bowen, who are also coproducers of a certain teen vampire franchise that Taylor Lautner joined this year. The Vision Quest screenplay was written by newcomer Richard Munic, and Taylor Lautner apparently liked it because “it’s very much in line with his athleticism.” If Lautner signs on for Vision Quest, it will join his growing list of upcoming roles that includes the lead roles in the action figure movie Max Steel, the I-went-to-Mexico-and-all-I-got-was-a-kidnapped-girlfriend action movie Cancun and a little something called The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn that I’m sure no one’s ever heard of. Last week when Taylor Lautner appeared very briefly during the trailer for Valentine’s Day that showed before Avatar, some young female fans of Sharkboy squealed in delight in the row behind me, so it appears that the young star does have fans, but will they turn out to see him as something other than an aquatic teen superhero?For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS through his MySpace page or via a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"YouTube, Kaling, politics, Travel, america, Creative, Network, TV, comic, Summer, Grammys, Fire, Holiday, Winter, hard","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Peter-Jacksons-Secret-SciFi-Project"},{"id":"47509228173054","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Annual Ketchup Edition","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Annual Ketchup EditionTake a look at the biggest stories for each month of 2009.by Greg Dean Schmitz | January 1, 2010 |  CommentsThis week, Hollywood really took some time off from making announcements in the days in between Christmas and New Year’s. So, it’s time for the obligatory Yearly Ketchup; twelve major stories that broke this year, one for each month. This doesn’t necessarily cover all of the big stories that broke this year, as some months were bigger than others. An emphasis was made in this particular list to focus on either new projects, or ones that got new life after years of development. And finally, in addition to the potential big blockbuster type movies, I made room for the new projects for a couple of major directors, as well as a couple of projects that some will definitely think are “Rotten Ideas.” These are the news stories that made the Weekly Ketchup all the more fun to follow along with each month.JANUARY: TOMB RAIDER REBOOTWarner Bros announced that the studio is in early development of a reboot of the Tomb Raider franchise, based upon the popular Eidos video game franchise, and a big part of what made Angelina Jolie the star she is today. The reboot is expected to revamp the character, and “bear little resemblance to the original pictures,” which means that a new actress will be cast as Lara Croft. Since the announcement, little has been said about the Tomb Raider reboot, but that may be partly because WB-based producer Dan Lin has a particularly busy plate that includes dozens of WB’s most anticipated projects.FEBRUARY: GREEN LANTERNWhile Marvel continues with their ambitious plans for the next few years, Warner Bros and DC Comics made their own big news this year with the green light for Green Lantern, based on the popular intergalactic space cop with the incredible power ring. The first big news this year for the project was the hiring of director Martin Campbell (Casino Royale), and that was later followed by the casting of Ryan Reynolds as Hal Jordan, with the actor also signed this year to star in a Deadpool movie. The original release date for Green Lantern was to be in late 2010, but that has since moved to sometime in the summer of 2011. In related DC Comics news, Warner Bros is expected to announce their full plans for their DC Comics slate in January, 2010 (or so). Those plans will probably include news of other DC superheroes, especially other members of the Justice League, in the hopes that the member heroes can get their own movies in preparation for eventually teaming up together in a team movie, similar to the 2012 Marvel plans for The Avengers.MARCH: THE COEN BROS TO REMAKE TRUE GRITJoel and Ethan Coen announced this year that their next movie after A Serious Man will be an adaptation of True Grit for Paramount. This will be based on the the novel by Charles Portis that was previously adapted as the 1969 Western that earned John Wayne his Academy Award. The Coens’ version, however, promises to be closer to the original book, and will focus more on the 14-year-old girl at the heart of the story. Since the announcement, there has been a good deal of True Grit news, including the casting of Jeff Bridges (in the John Wayne role), Matt Damon and Josh Brolin, and the currently ongoing open casting call to find the young actress who will have the starring role. The Coen Bros have an incredible track record, but the idea of them remaking a classic Western in particular has movie fans excited.APRIL: MEN IN BLACK III AND GHOSTBUSTERS 3At the annual ShoWest convention in Las Vegas, Sony announced that the third movies in both the Men in Black and Ghostbusters franchises were gearing up for releases in 2011. In the following months, both movies received regular updates. Men in Black 3 will see the return of Will Smith and director Barry Sonnenfeld, with Josh Brolin in talks to costar as a younger version of Tommy Lee Jones’ Agent K (that Smith’s Agent J meets via time travel). Director Harold Ramis revealed just this week that he plans on filming Ghostbusters 3 this summer, with the original guys returning to help introduce some new “young” Ghostbusters (and there’s also a rumor out there that Bill Murray’s Peter Venkman will be a ghost himself this time).MAY: BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER REBOOTFran Rubel Kuzui, the director of the original Buffy the Vampire Slayer film is working on bringing the heroine back in a rebooted movie. Joss Whedon later adapted his original movie screenplay into a much more popular TV show but won’t be involved in Kuzui’s reboot at all. The movie also won’t include any of the supporting characters created for the TV show, which includes many fan favorites, such as Angel, Willow, Spike and Xander. When it was announced, the producers were just starting to meet with writers to hear their takes on ideas for the reboot, but the central idea was to build upon the notion that each generation has its own vampire slayer, and that they were aiming for a “darker, event-sized movie.” There’s been little news about the Buffy the Vampire Slayer reboot since, but given the massive fandom of the TV show, this is obviously something people will be following for years.JUNE: DAVID FINCHER’S THE SOCIAL NETWORKComing off the success of The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, director David Fincher’s next project is The Social Network, a comedic biopic for Columbia Pictures about the founding of the popular social website Facebook, from a script by Aaron Sorkin (The West Wing). The setting of the movie will be the Harvard campus in 2004 when a sophomore created Facebook, which went on to become an Internet “juggernaut” with over 200 million members. Since the movie’s first announcement, filming started in October, with the ensemble cast including Jesse Eisenberg as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, supported by Justin Timberlake, Rashida Jones, Max Minghella and many more.JULY: SAM RAIMI AND THE WORLD OF WARCRAFTWarner Bros and Legendary Pictures announced plans for a movie based on the popular MMORPG game World of Warcraft in 2006, but it wasn’t until this year that the project got its most exciting announcement in the form of director Sam Raimi (Spider-Man, Drag Me to Hell). Raimi is currently in pre-production on Spider-Man 4, but the director hopes to start filming of World of Warcraft when that movie wraps, with development of the script by Robert Rodat (Saving Private Ryan, The Patriot) continuing in the meantime. World of Warcraft is a Blizzard videogame set in the fantastic world of Azeroth. There, two factions (the Alliance and the Horde) find themselves on opposite sides of a series of epic conflicts, with the latest one being against the Lich King, the corrupted son of one of Lordaeron’s greatest former kings. The actual plot of the World of Warcraft movie hasn’t been announced yet, but there are certainly lots of possibilities, as the game has a massive background lore that fills up one of the most active Wiki-style sites on the web.AUGUST: BRYAN SINGER RETURNS TO BATTLESTAR GALACTICAThis was a big year for director Bryan Singer, as he signed on to both Jack the Giant Killer at New Line (a modernization of the classic fairy tale) and X-Men: First Class, which will likely his next project after Jack the Giant Killer. As big as his return to the X-Men franchise was, however, the most discussed new project for Singer this year was probably his (long term) plans to adapt the popular TV show franchise Battlestar Galactica for the big screen. Battlestar Galactica has had two very different lives as a TV show, first as a relatively lighthearted 1970s show and then in the 2000s as a very serious, more dramatic take. Singer’s movie is at least three years from happening, but it’s obvious that the 2009 parallel is J.J. Abrams’ reboot of Star Trek, as this project will bring a popular TV sci-fi franchise to both the big screen and possibly a whole new audience. Singer’s plans to make a Battlestar Galactica movie go way back, to 2001, which was at the time sidetracked by the Sci-Fi Channel’s plans to revive the series.SEPTEMBER: BARBIE THE MOVIESeptember saw the announcement from Universal that the studio had acquired the rights from Mattel to their iconic Barbie doll franchise, to be adapted as a live action movie. There has already been a direct-to-DVD animated Barbie movie, but the aspirations of a live-action movie are obviously much bigger. Barbie has had many careers over her 50 years as arguably the most popular girl toy, including being a pilot, teacher and even an astronaut. Big movie news tends to be dominated by boy-friendly titles, but if there is one franchise that is the total opposite, it is Barbie.OCTOBER: TRANSFORMERS 3A few months after the release of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, director Michael Bay made the inevitable announcement that development had started on Transformers 3, starting with a five-hour meeting with ILM in San Francisco, followed by a meeting with writer Ehren Kruger. This news came after a flurry of quotes from Megan Fox about her involvement with the second movie, and so Bay included in his statement the sentiment that she would be welcome back for the third movie, and that “I promise no alien robots will harm you in any way during the production of this motion picture.” Bay is also wasting little time in getting Transformers 3 started, announcing a release date of July 1st, 2011.NOVEMBER: J.J. ABRAMS TO GET TINY WITH THE MICRONAUTSIn addition to the Star Trek prequel that was announced even before the film was released, J.J. Abrams also revealed his plans to produce a movie based upon the popular 1970s-1980s line of Japanese Micronauts toys. The toys were known for their interchangeable parts, and for a mythology about being aliens and robots who arrive on Earth to find that they are much smaller than everyone else here. Although the toys were also a hit in the United States, Micronauts is also memorable for starring in their own Marvel Comics title, which is where much of the background story comes from. With Star Trek 2 likely to start filming earlier rather than later, it’s unclear exactly when Micronauts will be produced, but given that there is not yet a screenwriter attached to the project, it will probably still be a few years off.DECEMBER: PETER JACKSON AND HIS MORTAL ENGINESLast year, Peter Jackson’s plans on making his sci-fi debut got sidetracked when the HALO movie got shelved. But Jackson is not yet giving up on the genre, and plans for a secret project called Mortal Engines have been revealed to a newspaper in his hometown. Based upon a series of novels by Philip Reeve, Mortal Engines is set in a post-apocalyptic world where cities have become giant vehicles that must go to war with each other in order for their populations to survive. Weta Workshops is reportedly already at work on designs for the giant cities. Jackson has not yet made an official announcement about Mortal Engines, but it is likely that we will learn more in 2010.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS through his MySpace page or via a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Teen, books, Marvel, TCA, a, superhero, Now, Esquire, TV, Sundance, FX, Rey, TV, Infographic, ABC","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Annual-Ketchup-Edition"},{"id":"47509073706299","title":"Video Interview: Cast &amp; Director of Elysium","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video Interview: Cast &amp; Director of ElysiumMatt Damon, Sharlto Copley, and Neill Blomkampby Grae Drake | August 8, 2013 |  CommentsIn his follow-up to District 9, writer/director Neill Blomkamp tells the story of a ruined Earth and a utopia rotating just out of everyone’s grasp called Elysium. Matt Damon plays Max, a man determined to get there, and Sharlto Copley is the rogue agent who stands in his way. Grae Drake gets the scoop on what everyone strives for in their life. And yes, they do the robot too.More Elysium interviewsMatt DamonSharlto CopleyNeill BlomkampClick here to watch more video interviewsfunction mudaid(e){document.getElementById(\"videovaiaqui\").innerHTML=''}novoid=\"450536\",document.getElementById(\"videovaiaqui\").innerHTML=''","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Talk, GoT, Peek, of, ratings, awards, movie","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-interview-cast-and-director-of-elysium"},{"id":"47509098906177","title":"Box Office: LEGO Batman Wins Sequel Showdown","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: LEGO Batman Wins Sequel Showdownby Gitesh Pandya | February 12, 2017 |  CommentsThis weekend, Hollywood sequels showered down on the multiplexes and pumped in over $132M worth of new business into a marketplace that needed a boost. The Caped Crusader and pals led the way as the animated comedy The LEGO Batman Movie debuted at number one with an estimated $55.6M. Warner Bros. generated a solid $13,609 average from 4,088 locations – the most theaters ever for a February release.Though big, it was still a 19% drop from the $69.1M launch of The LEGO Movie from three years ago this same weekend. That hit featured the Dark Knight in a supporting role. The new PG-rated toon earned good reviews from critics and a nice A- grade from audiences polled by CinemaScore. With next weekend being the long Presidents Day holiday frame, and most schools closing for winter beaks throughout the month, there is plenty more for LEGO Batman&nbsp;especially since there are no other major offerings for kids across the next four&nbsp;weekends.LEGO Batman scored the seventh largest opening weekend ever in February just ahead of the $55.4M of The SpongeBob Movie from two years ago on this same place on the calendar before finishing with $163M. The new Bruce Wayne toon tale may certainly end up in the same vicinity, or maybe higher. Overseas, LEGO&nbsp;Batman grossed an estimated $37M from 60 markets this weekend with China, Australia, and Japan still to come.Universal opened its franchise romance Fifty Shades Darker in second place with a domestic performance that fell sharply from its predecessor while international results remained sturdy. The domestic launch saw an estimated $46.8M from 3,710 locations for a $12,614 average representing a sharp 45% fall from the $85.2M debut of 2015’s Fifty Shades of Grey on this same weekend. Grey benefitted from the initial excitement of the wildly popular book being turned into a movie franchise and also enjoyed Valentine’s Day on its first Saturday plus Presidents Day weekend helping Sunday perform better than usual. But also some erosion of brand interest impacted the turnout as well.Reviews for Darker were terrible and even worse than those for Grey which still went on to mint $570M worldwide. However, fans were generally pleased with the sequel which received a B+ CinemaScore grade which was a good improvement over the C+ that its predecessor earned. Valentine’s Day falls on a Tuesday this year and that day is expected to see a big spike in grosses for Darker. Audience demos showed a crowd that was 70% female, 56% under 30, and 54% white. The studio will close out the franchise with Fifty Shades Freed opening on this very weekend next year.While in North America LEGO Batman claimed number one, the global box office was ruled by Fifty Shades Darker this weekend. Overseas grosses amounted to a stellar $100.1M from 57 markets for a worldwide launch of $146.9M which was well ahead of Batman‘s $92.6M. Universal reports top spot debuts in 51 of the territories. Leading the way for the erotic thriller was Germany with $11M, the U.K with $9.7M, and France at $8.7M. Clearly the brand is retaining more if its interest around the world. Darker is too racy to be allowed into China so its only major market still to come is Japan in June.Keanu Reeves was back, again, with a rock solid debut for his latest action thriller John Wick: Chapter Two which took in an estimated $30M this weekend more than doubling the debut of its 2014 predecessor. Lionsgate averaged a stellar $9,645 from 3,113 locations for the non-stop R-rated actioner and Reeves witnessed his best opening in over eight years.Unlike many sequels that Hollywood finances, John Wick: Chapter Two was fueled by genuine excitement from fans who wanted to see a popular character continue his adventures. The first pic debuted to a decent $14.4M in October 2014 on its way to a $43M final but also built up a sizable following from great word-of-mouth. The brutal Chapter Two was well-liked by critics and audiences alike and should see a solid sophomore frame over Presidents Day weekend.Three-time number one hit Split got shoved back to fourth place this weekend but the Universal thriller still held up well despite all the heavy competition. The M. Night Shyamalan pic dropped 35% to an estimated $9.3M boosting the domestic cume up to a sturdy $112.3M with the worldwide tally now at $169.4M. That’s an eye-popping 17 times more than its production cost.Fifth place went to this year’s highest-grossing Best Picture Oscar nominee, Hidden Figures, with an estimated $8M, off only 22%, for a new total of $131.5M for Fox. Universal’s A Dog’s Purpose fared well too falling just 30% to an estimated $7.4M for $42.6M to date.Tumbling 55% to an estimated $5.8M was the horror sequel Rings which has banked $21.5M for Paramount to date. Oscar front-runner La La Land followed with an estimated $5M, down 32%, for a new cume of $126M for Lionsgate. The global haul stands at $294.3M and will crack the triple century mark later this week.The only wide release to see its gross increase this weekend was fellow Best Picture contender Lion which did not even add screens. The Weinstein Co. release grossed an estimated $4.1M, up 9%, for a new total of $30.4M. Rounding out the top ten was the flop The Space Between Us which fell 53% in its second weekend to an estimated $1.8M putting STX at a measly $6.6M.The top ten films grossed an estimated $173.8M which was down 20% from last year when Deadpool opened at number one with a record $132.4M; and down 11% from 2015 when Fifty Shades of Grey opened in the top spot with $85.2M. Both of those years were the Presidents Day holiday frame.Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following BoxOfficeGuru.com on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"E3, PlayStation, Black, Premium, movies, who, Arrangement, Women's, Hallmark, HBO, independent, Golden, Adventures, Fox, facebook","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/12124844/lego-bat-fea.jpg","slug":"box-office-lego-batman-wins-sequel-showdown"},{"id":"47509043099714","title":"Video: Max is the “American Sniffer”","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Max is the \"American Sniffer\"by Grae Drake | June 25, 2015 |  CommentsThe stars of Max, Thomas Hayden Church, Lauren Graham, and Josh Wiggins, along with director Boaz Yakin, discuss working with Carlos, the canine star of the movie, (and how much nicer his trailer was). Grae also floats some alternative titles for the film past the cast, with limited success.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"the, Vudu","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Max-Cast.jpg","slug":"video-max-is-the-american-sniffer"},{"id":"47509100573267","title":"Box Office: Girl on the Train Opens at #1 with an Estimated $24.7M","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Girl on the Train Opens at #1 with an Estimated $24.7MSundance Favorite The Birth of a Nation Opens Mildly.by Gitesh Pandya | October 9, 2016 |  CommentsThis weekend,&nbsp;Universal’s mystery thriller The Girl on the Train opened at number one at the North American box office taking in an estimated $24.7M in its first round of play. Based on the best-selling novel, the R-rated pic headlined by Emily Blunt was powered by older white women as studio data indicated that the crowd was 68% female, 55% over 35, and 67% Caucasian.Averaging a solid $7,844 from 3,144 locations, Girl got off to a good start drawing from a built-in audience of fans of the book. But the road ahead will be rocky. Reviews were mixed and audiences were not too thrilled with the end product as evidenced by the B- CinemaScore grade. Also, Saturday sales were up a scant 2% from opening day Friday.The opening weekend of Girl came in 34% below the $37.5M October bow of book-based mystery Gone Girl from two years ago which played to much the same audience, though having more male appeal. That Ben Affleck film was up 15% on its first Saturday and saw nice legs in its subsequent weeks. It may be a different trajectory for Girl on the Train.Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children dropped 48% in its second weekend and landed in the runner-up spot with an estimated $15M putting Fox at $51.1M. A final in the neighborhood of $85M seems likely for the pricey film. Overseas markets are delivering solid numbers with a $42.5M weekend pushing the offshore cume to $94M and the global tally to date to $145.1M.Another expensive sophomore title followed with the disaster film Deepwater Horizon grossing an estimated $11.8M for a better 42% slide. With $38.5M to date, the Lionsgate film should end up at about $65M which is less than half of its production cost. International markets are needed to perform. So far,&nbsp;Deepwater has banked $27.8M from 70 overseas markets, but many major territories are still to open.Denzel Washington may still score another $100M hit for his career as The Magnificent Seven held up well in its third round with an estimated $9.2M, down 41%. Sony sits at $75.9M. Kidpic Storks slipped only 37% to an estimated $8.5M giving Warner Bros. $50.1M to date on its way to roughly $70M.The Sundance favorite The Birth of a Nation had a mild opening weekend in wide release grossing an estimated $7.1M from 2,105 locations for a $3,373 average. The R-rated slave revolt drama started the year winning praise and awards in Park City leading to a big acquisition by Fox Searchlight. Media attention in recent months then shifted to director/star Nate Parker’s past causing a distraction but reviews upon opening were still mostly positive. The performance was on par with Race from earlier this year which bowed to $7.4M and a $3,104 average. With an encouraging A grade from CinemaScore, Birth&nbsp;will try to keep drawing business in the weeks ahead and then stay in the spotlight this winter when key nominations during awards season come out.The kidpic Middle School debuted with an estimated $6.9M this weekend from 2,822 sites for a $2,445 average per site. Rated PG and based on the best-selling series of books, the new film from CBS and Lionsgate earned mixed marks from critics but a good A- CinemaScore from paying audiences. With no major competition for kids for the rest of the month, the road ahead sees some potential for the comedy.Sully became Tom Hanks’ highest grossing live-action movie in seven years with an estimated $5.3M weekend, off 36%, for a new total of $113.5M. The Warner Bros. hit surpassed the $107.1M of the actor’s fall hit Captain Phillips which also found him playing a likable man in peril. A final of around $125M seems likely and he hopes to score the 20th $100M+ domestic blockbuster of his career in the weeks ahead with Inferno.The comedy Masterminds fell 37% to an estimated $4.1M in its sophomore frame giving Relativity a weak $12.8M to date. Disney’s Queen of Katwe&nbsp;rounded out the top ten with an estimated $1.6M, off 35%, for a low $5.4M cume.The top ten films grossed an estimated $94M which was down 12% from last year when The Martian stayed at number one with $37M; and down 29% from 2014 when Gone Girl remained in the top spot with $26.4M.Compared to projections, The Girl on the Train and The Birth of a Nation both opened on target with my respective forecasts of $24M and $7M. Middle School was close to my $8M prediction.Follow Gitesh on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"critics, winner, sag, Acorn, Plus, AMC, Comics, transformers","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/09131921/gott-rep.jpg","slug":"box-office-girl-on-the-train-opens-at-1-with-an-estimated-24-7m"},{"id":"47509114467035","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: LEGO Is Tops for Third Week in a Row","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: LEGO Is Tops for Third Week in a RowPompeii and 3 Days to Kill open to lackluster numbers.by Gitesh Pandya | February 24, 2014 |  CommentsThis weekend, two new Hollywood action offerings were met by yawns from ticket buyers who instead showed up again for the hit animated film The LEGO Movie which became the first toon in nearly four years to spend three consecutive weeks at number one.The Warner Bros. smash hit dropped only 37% in its third round to an estimated $31.5M and boosted its 17-day cume to a sensational $183.2M. That puts it only one week away from surpassing the $198M of Happy Feet to become the studio’s highest-grossing toon ever. The last animated film to top the charts for three straight weekends was Shrek Forever After in the summer of 2010.Spending has come from families and beyond and its current trajectory puts it on course to reach at least $250M from North America. Overseas this weekend saw an estimated $23.1M in business boosting the overseas take to $92.5M and the global tally to $275.7M with plenty more to come. A sequel is already in development and Warner Bros. has planted its flag on May 26, 2017 for an opening over the Memorial Day holiday weekend.Kevin Costner settled for the silver as his new action thriller 3 Days to Kill debuted to lackluster numbers in second with an estimated $12.3M from 2,872 locations for a $4,283 average. Relativity’s release had weak reviews and played to an older mature crowd as expected. The CinemaScore grade was only a B and the pricey Super Bowl spot did not seem to do too much to spark interest with a broad national crowd.Another effects-heavy action film was rejected by paying moviegoers as the disaster thriller Pompeii debuted in third place with an estimated $10M from 2,658 theaters for a mild $3,762 average including 3D prices. The PG-13 film from Sony attracted negative reviews and audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the pic a mediocre B grade. Pompeii never took off as consumer interest was just never there. Like so many action films from the past year, this one will have to rely heavily on international demand in order to find any kind of success. An overseas bow in 37 territories brought in an additional $22.8M this weekend.The studio’s other big effects-driven action entry RoboCop fell 57% to an estimated $9.4M raising the 12-day cume to just $43.6M. A final domestic gross of about $65M may be in order for the $100M-budgeted production. Thanks to a solid opening weekend in Brazil, the international total reached $100M putting the current global gross at $143.6M. Sony’s historical pic The Monuments Men dropped 48% to an estimated $8.1M taking fifth place with a sum to date of $58.1M.A Kevin Hart double feature followed. The date movie About Last Night tumbled 71% from its opening weekend to an estimated $7.4M giving Sony $38.2M after ten days. Though steep, the decline was understandable since the film opened last week on Friday Valentine’s Day which delivered exceptional numbers. The two other romance-themed films opening on that day also fell in the 70% range this weekend. Look for About to finish with roughly $55M. Universal’s cop comedy Ride Along declined by 46% to an estimated $4.7M for Hart and Ice Cube. Cume for 2014’s top-grossing live-action film stands at $123.2M.Enjoying the smallest decline for any film in the top ten, Disney’s blockbuster toon Frozen slipped only 30% to an estimated $4.4M pushing the cume to $384.1M which was good enough to allow the snow sisters to join the Top 20 list of all-time domestic blockbusters. The megahit now sits at number 19 passing by Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 with the $400M mark a possibility. Frozen‘s global haul soared to $980.4M which means it will be within striking distance of the billion dollar mark on Oscar night when it may potentially take home two awards.Sophomore love stories rounded out the top ten with Endless Love falling 68% to an estimated $4.3M and Winter’s Tale stumbling 71% to an estimated $2.1M. Universal’s teen tale has grossed $20.1M and should end with around $30M. Warner Bros. will not be as lucky as its star-driven drama has collected a wimpy $11.2M and will quickly end its run in the neighborhood of $15M.The animated film The Wind Rises, Hayao Miyazaki’s final film and Japan’s top-grossing blockbuster of 2013, debuted in the U.S. market this weekend in limited release grossing an estimated $306,000 from 21 locations for a good $14,571 average. Nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, the Disney release will go wider on Friday into about 450 theaters nationwide.The top ten films grossed an estimated $94.1M which was up 12% from last year when Identity Thief reclaimed number one with $14M; but down 12% from 2012 when Act of Valor took the top spot with $24.5M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Book, Black","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-LEGO-Is-Tops-for-Third-Week-in-a-Row"},{"id":"47509025324946","title":"Video: What Is Michael Keaton Nostalgic About?","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: What Is Michael Keaton Nostalgic About?by Grae Drake | January 20, 2017 |  CommentsInspired by The Founder, Michael Keaton and Grae Drake talk about the good ol’ days when he didn’t get nostalgic, and then reminisce over his conversations with Sir Paul McCartney.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Vudu, Starz","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/18145807/The-Founder-Rep.jpg","slug":"video-the-founder-michale-keaton"},{"id":"47509077101923","title":"Date Slate:  Spring has Sprung","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Date Slate: Spring has Sprungby Grae Drake | March 19, 2013 |  CommentsKerr Lordygan had the luck of the Irish on his side at the Regal Cinemas LA Live this March. Oz The Great and Powerful served as the backdrop for his inquiries about whether or not Oz was a good vacation destination if the movie was romantic, and if the generous patrons of the theater would ever date a munchkin.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Photos","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"date-slate-spring-has-sprung"},{"id":"47509060035772","title":"Video: Daniel Radcliffe Would Make a Great Spider-Man","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Daniel Radcliffe Would Make a Great Spider-Manby RT Staff | July 26, 2014 |  CommentsDaniel Radcliffe stops by to talk about his upcoming film Horns, the price of fame, and how he would have been perfect for Spider-Man.#related_links{display:none}#related_articles{display:none}.ReltdLinks .epis-more{font-size:12px;border-top:1px solid #e6cf85;margin:20px 0 0 0;padding:20px 0 0 0;color:#333;float:left}.ReltdLinks .epis-more h3{width:100%}.ReltdLinks .epis-more a{color:#285cab;text-decoration:none}.ReltdLinks .toccc{float:left;width:665px;border-top:1px solid #dadada;margin:20px 0;padding:5px 0 10px 0}.ReltdLinks ul{margin:0;padding:0;list-style:none}.ReltdLinks ul li{display:inline;float:left;width:115px;text-align:center;margin:8px}.ReltdLinks ul li img{border:0}More #RTCCWonder WomanSee the first official image Cosplay GalleryThe best costumes from the ConBook of LifeTatum, Applegate, and PerlmanThe ExpendablesThe cast plays “Find the Tomato”Jack BlackWatch the Comic-Con interviewCheck out RT’s complete SDCC coverage","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Baby, Rock, Schmidt, Bravo, Disney","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-daniel-radcliffe-would-make-a-great-spider-man"},{"id":"47508865822166","title":"Five Favourite Films with Bill Nighy","content":"\n\n                                            Five Favorite Films\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Five Favourite Films with Bill Nighy\n                        The Boat That Rocked star on his most prized movies.\n                        by Joe Utichi | April 2, 2009                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \n\n“This is weird for me because I’ve spent so much of my life studying live action films. I love animation but I’m not one of those guys who can watch traditional Disney movies over and over. I’ll blow the needle off my princess-ometer if I do. I love those pictures, I just don’t go back to the well that often. I was always a Looney Tunes kid anyway. This is also difficult because I’m such a film nerd and I just can’t decide! Here goes nothin’!” — Horton Hears a Who Director Jimmy Hayward&nbsp;\n&nbsp;\n\n1) The Jungle Book\n“This picture is amazing. The design, the voice performances, and most of all the character animation is astoundingly accomplished. Frank and Ollie were at the height of their ability to exercise their extraordinary talents and animated huge chunks of the movie. Shere Khan is amazing, and Kaa is so fun to watch because he’s such an appealing villain.\n\n2) Toy Story\n\nThis was the first picture I ever worked on and the one I learned the most from. John Lasseter is an amazing director and I was a wide eyed little punker who was lucky enough to watch him work every day. (John drove a Honda then, now he literally has a Nascar!) I got the chance to animate Buzz Lightyear for %#$@’s sake! Seriously though, it’s an incredible story with amazing characters and the amazing comedy talents of Andrew Stanton and late great Joe Ranft flowing out of it. After working on Toy Story I just assumed that’s how it was done.\n\n\n3) Akira\nI love this picture because it showed me at a very young age the scope an animated movie could have. It also inspired me to look deeper into this genre and the different filmmakers working in it. I loved the graphic novels and it was the first time I saw a comic book translated to the big screen. It unspooled at a second run by my house and I saw it a TON of times. I also believe this is why I own a red Japanese motorcycle that goes really really fast. AKIRA HUUUUH?!\n&nbsp;\n\n4) Iron Giant\nBrad Bird is a triple badass. That’s all there is to it. I would have said Incredibles but I watched Giant more. It was so ground breaking with the mixed media. Great story, great characters, good heart, super smooth filmmaking AND Christopher McDonald is in it and I love him. Too bad they marketed a bunch of other movies that year. Good thing there’s life after death on DVD.\n&nbsp;\n\n\n5) Heavy Metal\nDon’t shoot! I know this picture is corny and sexist but nobody loves the whole “She-warrior in an iron bikini riding a snow leopard over her smited bloody fallen foes” more than me. You need to understand what a true cheese dealer I am. Heavy Metal is nothing if not living, breathing boogie van art. And what’s wrong with that? John Candy as Den of Earth?! Oh Canada! It came out when I was very young and I watched it a million times. It made me look at animation a whole other way and it had Black Sabbath in it! Dio AND Black Sabbath! So Rad!”\nSee what Pixar, anime and Heavy Metal influences come through in Jimmy Hayward and Steve Martino’s co-directing debut, Horton Hears a Who!, starring Jim Carrey, Steve Carell, and Seth Rogen, in theaters this Friday. \nClick image to watch the Horton trailers!\n\n\nFilmmaker Judd Apatow has been very busy. He’s produced four films that are being released this year (Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Pineapple Express, Step Brothers, and Drillbit Taylor, which opens this Friday), and he’s also one of the writers of You Don’t Mess with the Zohan. But he was kind enough to take time out of his busy schedule to talk to us about which movies have really influenced him as a filmmaker.\n\nThe Last Detail\n\nThere are certain movies that I always go back to, but before I make a movie, I always find myself watching The Last Detail, the Hal Ashby movie. There’s something about it that’s so alive. It’s one of the first movies to really have frank language. I think it was somewhat shocking at the time. It was the first movie where everyone aggressively cursed, but it was about people in the armed services. It’s also a small story that’s very intimate and you just fall in love with all these characters that are in this terrible situation.\nI always watch it because Hal Ashby shot it in such a way that it just feels real. It’s almost like a documentary. I like how he paces the scenes, the coverage, and I always go back to it because it reminds me that the most important thing I can do as a filmmaker is convince the audience that what they’re watching is really happening. I don’t want them to be aware of me. So that’s one movie. It’s both heartbreaking and hilarious, which is always my favorite combination.\n\n\n\nTerms of Endearment\nTerms of Endearment is always a touchstone movie for me. That’s one of the best acted comedy-dramas that has ever been made.\nI can never get enough of Terms of Endearment. I find myself watching it over and over again. It does everything that I want a movie to do. I fall in love with the characters. I care about their journeys. It never does anything easy to make me like the characters. It doesn’t sell out the characters for likeability. They all do things that are awful to each other. The relationships are very complicated. Yet, you root for all of them when you watch the movie.\nA large portion of the movie is also about cancer. It’s treated realistically and it is also hilarious in some of those moments. It’s not a maudlin movie. There are moments in that movie that I think about all the time that haunt me. The moment when Shirley MacLaine is yelling at the nurse to give her daughter more medicine… As you get older, you find yourself in those situations. It may be my favorite film of all time.\n\n\n\nBeing There\n Being There is one of my favorite movies. It’s much more precise than a movie like The Last Detail. It’s a type of movie I hope one day to be able to attempt to make. It’s brilliant on every level. It is one of movies that I watch and go, “I probably will never be able to get close to this, but I should try.”\nThe use of television in the movie is spectacular – how what’s happening on the television in the rooms that they’re in reflects or comments on the action. Nobody has ever done that better and people have tried since and always failed. Any time I see something on a TV in a TV show, I know that they’re thinking about how great they did it in Being There. It’s another movie with some of the best performances in comedy history – Jack Warden, Melvyn Douglas, and Shirley MacLaine, so I go back to that a lot.\n\n\n\nWelcome to the Dollhouse\n I’ve always been fascinated by the film Welcome to the Dollhouse, the Todd Solondz film. It’s a really dark comedy. It might be because I grew up in Long Island and it feels like where I grew up. A lot of the strangeness of it feels familiar to me. I love the look of it. I love the tone of it.\nWhen we started working on Freaks and Geeks, I thought a lot about Welcome to the Dollhouse, in terms of how it was lit, the production design, the strange cadences of its comedy, and these kids who feel like they’re in hell, their families and how their parents treat them. She (Heather Matarazzo) and that character (Dawn Wiener) is one of the greatest outcast nerd characters ever created in film or television. So it’s for someone who always loves a great underdog story. That’s one of my favorites and not a movie that makes it a triumphant fantasy for the nerdy girl either. That is never the Todd Solondz way.\nI thought about it when we did Freaks and Geeks because we often thought, “This movie is about how you handle failure. It’s not about succeeding. It’s not a show about wish fulfillment.” You see that in a lot of Todd Solondz work. I don’t think we had half the balls that he has.\n\n\n\nTootsie\n Tootsie is a perfect movie. I watch that all the time. You know there used to be a commentary track on it. They put it out on laserdisc, and there was a commentary, [but] they keep doing “anniversary editions” and they don’t have the Sydney Pollack commentary track. As a comedy nerd, I’m up in arms.\n\n\nDirector Peter Segal has spent time with The Klumps, gone on 50 First Dates, and lived through Anger Management. This year, the go-to guy for summer comedies is gearing up to Get Smart, the spy spoof update starring Steve Carell, Anne Hathaway, and Alan Arkin that’s out June 20. Read on to find out Segal’s five favorite movies as told to RT.\n\nThe Godfather: Part II\n\n\nI’m sure this is on practically everyone’s list of favorites, but if I’m being totally honest I have to start here. I’ve made sequels and I know how hard they are to do well. The fact that this movie won Best Picture is a testament to how successfully Coppola topped his own masterpiece. The flashbacks are pure genius, and give it a completely different feel from the first movie.\nI’ve watched this film probably more than any other, and have learned so much from it. How a character can deliver key information in a wide master with his back to the camera… in very dim light? I can imagine the studio notes: “I can’t see who’s talking. Where’s the coverage?”\n\n\n\nDr. Strangelove\n\nA masterpiece. Kubrick is one of the most fascinating directors of all time. The fact that this movie sits alongside 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Shining in his filmography is mind-boggling. Peter Sellers was so understated.\nThis movie constantly reminds me how comedy is funnier when you ground it in real circumstances. The more dramatic the stakes, the more you can mine laughs out of people who have to squirm through those situations. I still try to emulate Kubrick’s sense of editing and composition. I patterned a war room scene in Get Smart after the one in Strangelove.\n\n\n\nYoung Frankenstein\n\n Talk about a movie that holds up… this is the king. I remember the first time I saw this in Westwood when I was a kid. I’ve never heard an audience go that nuts before in a theater. \nThis movie, probably more than any other, made me want to do comedies. It’s so grounded and faithful to the Boris Karloff version. That’s what makes it so great. Mel stayed within the boundaries of the original, and then pushed it an inch further for the laugh. That’s what he did with Get Smart [the TV show], too. He took the premise of James Bond and pushed it that same inch. It’s such a delicate balance… and one that he has mastered.\n\n\n\nThe Natural\n\n This movie is my ultimate guilty pleasure. I’ll admit it, when Randy Newman’s score kicks in as Redford’s final homerun is blasted through the stadium lights into the stratosphere? I don’t just have chills, I’m a weeping bag of tears and snot.\nI love everything about this movie: Caleb Deschanel’s spectacular cinematography, Randy Newman’s iconic score that I ripped off from the opening tree house shot in Tommy Boy, to Barry Levinson’s amazing direction. This movie is magical. I love stories about second chances, and this movie epitomizes that.\n\n\n\nThe Right Stuff\n\n Whenever I watch this movie, I want to go out with my son and fire off an Estes rocket in the back yard. I love this movie. I love what it stands for — exploring the unknown and our deepest fears. I love the era: the space race with the Russians. I love the heroism — Chuck Yeager had the biggest pair of balls of any man. Ever!\nThe greatest lesson this movie teaches is the balance of tone. Obviously it has some incredible drama and action, but it also has straight up comedy. It’s really hard to juggle those three things in one movie. Harry Shearer and Jeff Goldblum are the perfectly understated comic relief guys. Fred Ward, who I got to work with in Naked Gun 33 1/3, is hilarious. This movie has it all.\n\n\nSure, he’s confronted his critics — and Michael Bay — in the most unusual ways. And yes, he’s turned a some of your most beloved video game titles into big-screen clunkers (none of which have yet broken 11 percent on the Tomatometer*). Heck, the man who gave us such stinkers as Alone in the Dark, BloodRayne, and Dungeon Siege: In the Name of the King has even agreed to retire if an online petition asking him to simply “stop” reaches one million signatures. But we bet you never expected Uwe Boll to pick veritable classics of cinema as his favorite films of all time…\nRead on for Dr. Uwe Boll’s five favorite films, as told to RT. \n*Boll’s latest film, the political satire Postal, currently has a career-high 29 percent Tomatometer.\n&nbsp;\n\nApocalypse Now\n\n\nOne of my all-time favorites is Apocalypse Now, because it shows the craziness of war, and you have the feeling that the shooting also was a big adventure. And this is what I like.\nWhat is lost, if you see war movies today — not like Pearl Harbor, that’s one of the worst movies of all time — but like Mel Gibson‘s Once We Were Warriors or Soldiers or whatever (2002’s We Were Soldiers), all that stuff, you feel it’s all fake. You feel they go in the evenings to their hotel rooms and it’s all good.\nBut in Apocalypse Now, you feel like these guys were f—ed!\n\n\n\nDances with Wolves\n\nI love a big adventure; it’s one of the reasons I like Dances with Wolves, also on the list. Because I feel that this was also a big adventure [to film] and I like the very realistic feeling, what Kevin Costner did with that movie. I love that movie. It’s emotional, and it’s real, in a way. I really like it.\n[Editor’s note: check back for next week’s full interview with Uwe Boll as he tells us how he almost got Kevin Costner to join the cast of Dungeon Siege: In the Name of the King!]\n\n\n\nA Clockwork Orange\n\nA Clockwork Orange would be [on the list]. Clockwork Orange and Citizen Kane, because they’re both all-time favorites, and I think Orson Welles did with Citizen Kane so much interesting stuff for the year that he did it, what nobody else did before. The same with Kubrick for Clockwork Orange. They broke a lot of filmmaking rules and the subject matter is, for me, very interesting.\n\n\n\nCitizen Kane\n\nCitizen Kane is, like you see now, P.T. Anderson‘s There Will Be Blood. It’s a good movie; it’s the same kind of thing. You follow a crazy character who gets really successful, and in a very bitter way. So I really love those two movies.\nIt’s still one of the biggest crimes of Hollywood that they didn’t finance Orson Welles’ movies after a while. To have a genius like him, sitting there and trying to get his last 5,000 bucks together to make another movie after he did a movie like this… (Welles’ follow-up to Citizen Kane, The Magnificent Ambersons, was notoriously completed and re-cut without his input.)\n\n\n\nThe Searchers\n\nNumber five…like I said, it always changes. There are a lot of good movies out there [that are] from time to time favorites. I would do The Searchers, from John Ford, with John Wayne. I’m a big Western fan, and this was a great Western.\nJohn Ford is interesting; if you are younger, you don’t appreciate John Ford so much. I liked more Howard Hawks and William Wyler Westerns when I was younger, and now, later, if you get a little older, you like John Ford more and more. It’s the same with some writers. There are some writers you love when you’re 20, and when you’re 30 or 35 you think it’s completely silly bulls–t what the guys wrote (laughs), but you appreciate other writers.\n\n\nTune in next week for our full interview with Uwe Boll, in which the Postal director shares the secret of how exactly he makes money on flicks like Alone in the Dark and Dungeon Siege: In the Name of the King, and answers your submitted questions!\nYou may not know it, but you’ve seen Doug Jones’ work. One of the best physical actors in Hollywood, he has performed under heavy make-up and special effects as the Silver Surfer in Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, the “Gentlemen” on Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and gave life to both The Faun and the Pale Man in Guillermo del Toro‘s Oscar-winning horror-fairytale, Pan’s Labyrinth. This week, Jones reprises his role of amphibian psychic Abe Sapien in Hellboy II: The Golden Army, the sequel to del Toro’s 2004 comic book adaptation, in which he enjoys extended screen time as Hellboy’s crime-fighting sidekick and romances a princess — and more importantly, takes over (or takes back) Abe’s voicing duties for the first time.\nWe spoke with Doug Jones about his work under prosthetics, his close relationship with Guillermo del Toro, and his battle to win Abe Sapien’s voice back from David Hyde Pierce (who, as the story goes, graciously deferred vocal credit in the first Hellboy after seeing Jones’ own performance). And after playing every fantastical creature from robots to aliens to yetis, Jones told us what his dream role would be — and how he and del Toro may already be planning to bring it to the screen.\nBut first, Jones took time to share his favorite films of all time with Rotten Tomatoes. Read on for more!\n&nbsp;\n\nSomewhere in Time (1980, 63% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI have favorite chick flicks and favorite comedies. My taste goes to romantic comedy a lot. Somewhere in Time, with Christopher Reeve and Jane Seymour — stop already! That was one of the most romantic stories I’d ever seen in my life; I was in tears, but it also involved a little bit of science fiction, with the time travel element. That one really moved me back in 1980.\n\n\n\nAirplane! (1980, 100% Tomatometer)\n\nAlso, the very first Airplane! movie, with that zany comedy, slapstick-y, sight gag thing going on. I’d never seen a movie like that before. Of course, after that came more Airplanes and Hot Shots, Top Secret, and the Naked Gun movies. But Airplane took me so by surprise, and Leslie Nielsen was brilliant.\n[RT: Surely, Airplane is one of the best spoof movies ever made. Doug Jones: Well it is, and stop calling me Shirley!]\n\n\n\nMeet Joe Black (1998, 49% Tomatometer)\n\nComing up to more recent years, I think Meet Joe Black, again, was a tear-jerky chick flick for me that I loved. And the performances…Anthony Hopkins can do no wrong, Brad Pitt‘s become a favorite as well, and Claire Forlani — stop already! All that girl has to do is blink and I’m enraptured. And that was another romance with a sci-fi twist; death coming to take a holiday.\n\n\n\nWaiting for Guffman (1997, 95% Tomatometer)\n\nWhat else? Waiting for Guffman! Stop already, right? Christopher Guest and all of his tomfoolery. Of course, there was Spinal Tap, but in more recent years…I think the storyline of [Guffman] was so relatable to any actor who’s ever done community theater in their hometown. Here were all these egos, in a small town, where it just didn’t matter. I come from Indiana, and when you’re doing stage productions in high school, or in your community theater, or on the college stage, you think you’re Broadway bound, for sure. You’re all going to be stars! It’s delusional theater, is what it is. But that whole cast of people, having their basic storyline, and then vamping on their own brilliance, was just golden. Just golden.\n\n\n\nWaking Ned Devine (1998, 82% Tomatometer)\n\nWaking Ned Devine. Loved it. There’s something about aged, experienced, mature people acting like kids. This whole town bands together to pull a ruse, to win a lottery ticket and split lottery ticket winnings; it was kind of morally wrong, and yet also giddy and made you clap your hands and say, “Go you guys, go!”\n\n\nNext: Our full interview with Doug Jones! \n \nYour Five Favorite Films are interesting because they seem to speak to you as an actor’s actor, not just a creature actor. You’ve not only done great creature work in films like Pan’s Labyrinth and Hellboy, you also play regular characters. Has it been strange to become known for your work under prosthetics as opposed to the latter? \nDoug Jones: Thank you. It’s very kind of you to notice that. If you asked me this a few years ago, I might have said that the day would come where I’m not wearing prosthetics anymore and I’m just doing straight acting roles. But you know what I think I’ve learned in the last couple years especially, is that with a little bit more recognition, a certain respect and dignity has returned to these kinds of roles — monsters with a heart. It’s a throwback to the Golden Era, when you had Bela Lugosi and Boris Karloff and Lon Chaney doing these roles that were leading men in their own little creature-y, freaky little way. Directors like Guillermo del Toro (pictured at left with Jones at the Hellboy II premiere), who like to tell that kind of story, take you to a fantastical world but deal with real human issues when they get there. That’s brought a certain, like I said, respect and dignity to this kind of story and this kind of acting, so that I’m now happy to continue it until the day I die. In fact, I’ll tell you the perfect way for me to die. You want to hear it? I think if I’m on a Guillermo del Toro film — and I want to finish it for him, I don’t want to leave him hanging — and my last day, when they yell, “It’s a wrap on Doug Jones,” that’s how I want to die. That’s the perfect way for me to go.\nThat’s really sweet. It speaks to the bond that you and Guillermo have obviously formed by working together. \n DJ: We definitely do have a sort of shorthand with each other, and a respect for each other, and an actor-director relationship that really works and doesn’t need a whole lot of dialogue. We understand each other with very few words.\nSpeaking of words, let’s talk about how you came to voice your character, Abe Sapien, in Hellboy II. We know that David Hyde Pierce, who voiced Abe in the first Hellboy while you did the physical acting, had such tremendous respect for your performance in that film that he had his credit removed. \n\nDJ: He’s a gentleman beyond words. And in an ego-driven business like ours it’s unheard of for an actor to do what David Hyde Pierce did. The more questionable thing is, how did it come about that someone was voiced over like that in the first place? When presented with an acting role, any actor assumes they’re taking on the character, and that would include all of it — it would include the visuals and the audio part and everything. I don’t walk down the street doing half of Doug Jones! I walk into a 7-11 and I get to order for myself. So originally it was kind of like, you’ve got this major make-up, and you’ve got A-list celebrities that probably don’t want to don that much make-up and be obliterated in the face, so the studio was thinking, we’ll get someone to physically pull it off, and we’ll get an A-list name that we can market with the film that’ll provide the voice, and there you go. We can attach a name to the part without gruesome amounts of make-up on that person. When I heard that that’s what the plan was — that was already decided by the time I was cast — I said, hey, how about we don’t do that? How about I get to do the part, as I’d play any part? So I was given the opportunity to be one of the voices being considered, but at the time Doug Jones didn’t carry a lot of weight as a name, as a marketing tool.\nIn the end, everyone was happy with my performance, and I was kind of directed even to sound like… Guillermo wanted me to sound a little bit like Niles Crane from Frasier, with a little bit of HAL the computer from 2001: A Space Odyssey. So I kind of affected a sound for Abe that wasn’t far from David Hyde Pierce anyway. He, being the gentleman that he is, heard my performance in his ear piece when he came in to voice-over, and he saw my performance on film, and he kind of backed away saying, “Why am I here?” It was one of those things where he, as legend goes, was very much a gentleman that backed away from taking a credit in the film and doing any press, and doing any limelight-type things, and he left that all to me. Which was very, very, very sweet and kind of him.\n\nSo that continued through to the animated features, when he was offered the voice of Abe Sapien, and he politely declined. And that’s when they just deferred to me immediately. Part of the discussion that Guillermo had with me, when he told me about the first film and what happened with the voice, was he said, “If we get the blessing and the opportunity to do a Hellboy II, I would like to have your voice back in it.” So this animated feature was a nice transitional period to do that in, and by the time Hellboy II came around, I was assured and promised that the voice would stay intact as mine. I love David Hyde Pierce, I think he’s a wonderful actor, but it really is nice to have that whole baby, in its entirety, back in my hands again. Before I was kind of holding a baby without legs [Laughs].\nIn Hellboy II, Abe has a considerably large storyline; was that borne of fan love of Abe from the first movie, and will that prominence carry over to the third movie?\nDJ: Yes, and yes. And I believe it’s also borne of Guillermo del Toro’s love for Abe Sapien. I’ll share a little moment with you from the set. We were doing the scene in the library, when Abe and the lovely Princess Nuala are getting to know each other over a book of poetry. There was this backlight that shined and hit my gills, and Guillermo said to me, before we rolled on the next take, “There’s something about the way the light shines on Abe’s gills that just makes my heart flutter.” That was one way of him expressing his absolute adoration for Abe Sapien. So, yes; I think there was a resounding cry from the fans for more Abe in the second film, and there was a desire in Guillermo all along to build on Abe as well.\n&nbsp;\nNext: Doug Jones’ dream role \n\nYour work as the Faun and the Pale Man in Pan’s Labyrinth was well-received. Again in Hellboy II, you play three different characters. \nDJ: I was Abe, and the Angel of Death, and the Chamberlain; those are my three. The Chamberlain is the doorkeeper for the king of the elven underworld — he’s a sad looking fellow, isn’t he?\nThese new characters even seem to have some resemblance to those you played in Pan’s Labyrinth.\nDJ: It was the same creature designers as the first Hellboy, Spectral Motion. They’re also the ones who made me up as the Silver Surfer [in Fantastic Four 2]. The Pan’s Labyrinth people were DDT Effectos Especiales in Barcelona. In Hellboy II they did design and apply the make-up for young Hellboy. Hellboy II had so many creatures in it, they pulled in a lot of shops, but the main characters were by Spectral Motion — Hellboy, and Abe, and the Angel of Death and such.\nOne last question: If you could play any creature from mythology or lore that we haven’t seen yet onscreen, what would it be?\nDJ: Actually, there’s been some talk recently that really intrigued me, about doing Frankenstein. That’s something I had never thought of because he’s rather large and lumbering in the imagery that you’ve seen of him before. However, there are new art concepts that Guillermo has seen, and the idea of doing Frankenstein with a thinner, more soulful kind of monster in Frankenstein could be something really delicious to chew on.\n\nGuillermo was asked about this recently, on the red carpet of the Hellboy II premiere. [ShockTilYouDrop‘s Ryan Rotten got the scoop.] A journalist got to him first and asked, “Hey Guillermo, if you did Frankenstein, who would the monster be?” And Guillermo said, a resounding “Doug Jones” — which seems like an alternative choice to what you’ve seen before, but there’s a certain type of artwork that he’s seen of Frankenstein and that’s what interested him. The journalist got to me next and said, “Hey, guess what I just heard Guillermo say?” I was like, “Oh, you’re kidding!” I went onto DelToro films, which is his website, and there’s a message board that the fans talk on, and somebody on a thread for fan art submitted a piece of art of a Frankenstein built on Doug Jones. The artist’s screen name is Riddick, so that’s how you can find it. (Click here for a full view of the art. Conception and design courtesy of the artist, Alex Tuis.) There’s a drawing in there that is based on me that is a Frankenstein that I would kill to play. Looking at that imagery, and having Guillermo as a director, and knowing Frankenstein’s sympathetic side and his scary side — I love characters like that that are sympathetic and yet scary at the same time — that could become a dream role for me. Absolutely.\nIt seems like if Guillermo’s in for a project, you’re in.\nDJ: As he said, [in his best Guillermo del Toro voice] “Listen, if I direct a hemorrhoid commercial, Doug Jones will be in it.” And I feel the same way. If he’s directing a hemorrhoid commercial, I’ll play the frickin’ hemorrhoid. He’ll find a way to make it artful; I know he will.\nHellboy II: The Golden Army is in theaters this Friday, July 11 and currently sits at 89 percent on the Tomatometer. \nIt’s been eleven years since we last saw Casper Van Dien as Federation soldier Johnny Rico in Paul Verhoeven‘s sci-fi cult film, Starship Troopers. Two sequels later, Van Dien is back with a new crew, new weapons, new dangers, and the same familiar problems with authority figures and alien bugs. Van Dien spoke with Rotten Tomatoes to share his Five Favorite (Sci-Fi) Films of all time, discuss his longtime friendship with Starship Troopers: Marauder director Ed Neumeier, and reveal how the last decade and two sequels have changed Johnny Rico and the Starship Troopers franchise.\n&nbsp;\nStarship Troopers: Marauder premieres on DVD Tuesday, August 5; click here to preview two exclusive behind-the-scenes clips for peeks of the new Marauder suit and weapons. Read on for Casper Van Dien’s 5 Favorite (Sci-Fi) Films of all time!\n&nbsp;\n\nStar Trek II: The Wrath of Khan (1982, 92% Tomatometer)\n\n\nFirst we have Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. That would be because of “Khaaaaaaaaaan!” “Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!” That’s number five.\n\n\n\nTerminator 2: Judgment Day (1991, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThen I would have to go probably with T2. It was another great sequel to a great movie. I loved the humanity of Arnold Schwarzenegger. I loved the humanity in the cyborg, in the Terminator. I loved the fact that he was not human and he had more humanity than most humans do. And he was just cool.\n&nbsp;\n\n\n\nStar Wars – Episode IV: A New Hope (1977, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThen I would go with the first Star Wars, which is actually the fourth episode, because I remember standing in line; I was one of those bazillion kids that were standing in line opening day. My poor mother and father had to do that with me. I remember my mom left, and came back a day later. So my dad stood there with me. I think that is one of the most incredible memories for me. It was an awesome film; I’ll never take anything away from the film, but the fact that I had a father who was willing to stand in line with me all that while…let’s see, I was born in ’68, so I was 8 or 9. Eight or 9 and my dad stood in line for me. Yeah, I was there for like a day and a half!\n\n\n\n\nThe Matrix (1999, 86% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnd then I would put The Matrix. The first Matrix. Are there any others? [Because of] Neo. And it was just so cool. Everything in that movie made you see how we’re all interconnected; I think that the internet is like a man-made version of, the closest we can come to conceptualizing God. It shows how we’re all connected, and this Matrix is really that more defined. The Wachowskis were just a couple filmmakers who did an incredible job.\n\n\n\nAliens (1986, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnd my all-time favorite number one science fiction movie would be…Starship Troopers! Because I’m vain! And full of myself! No, actually I’m excluding me from this, but I would put that on the list. But I can’t do myself, because it just isn’t right. I would say Aliens. Because, as Jim Cameron himself said, “Why are they making Starship Troopers? I already did!” He was wrong, by the way!\n\n\n\nBonus Answer: RoboCop (1987, 85% Tomatometer)\n\n\nActually, I have to add one more in. I have to add RoboCop only because of the one line at the very end, when they go, “What’s your name?” And he says, “Murphy.” It’s the greatest way to end any movie, ever. It’s true, if you think about that. Everybody in the audience stood up and screamed. They went ballistic; I know, I was there. I’m probably revealing some geekdom here. I was there in the theater opening weekend! I remember everybody — as soon as he said his name, he got his humanity back, and it was such a powerful moment. It was awe-inspiring.\n\n\nNext: Our full interview with Casper Van Dien! \n Casper van Dien: I love Ed Neumeier; I think he’s got a wonderfully sick, perverse sense of humor. It was a lot of fun to have in the first film, and to also see it in RoboCop as well, and to see him put it into this script — I had the opportunity to read five of the scripts for Starship Troopers 3 specifically over the last four years, and I just love reading his dark sense of humor. I love seeing it, and to get the opportunity to read it so many different times was awesome. And to see him make the film, it was a natural segue for him, so it was a thrill for me to be a part of.\nWere you close with Ed from working on the first Starship Troopers? Was he a presence on set back then?\nCvD: Ed is a unique writer — Paul Verhoeven is a unique director, but he demanded that Ed be on the set [of Starship Troopers] every day. So for RoboCop and for Starship Troopers he was on the set every single frickin day. He was there from the beginning to the end. It was fun for me, because he and I became friends. But Ed and I became friends actually when he saw me when I first walked into the audition for Starship Troopers. I was sitting out there with all the other guys that were auditioning for the role, and Ed poked his head out of the office; he was not only one of the writers, but he was one of the producers at that time. He poked his head out of the office, looked at me, pointed at me, and fingered me to come over to him. So I went over to him and in front of the other kids, I was like “Ha ha hah…” I walk into his office and he had a rifle there and I picked it up, and I did some drills with it from military school and we got to talking, and he said he knew when he poked his head out of the office that I was Johnny Rico. And Paul Verhoeven said that when I came into read he knew that I was Johnny Rico. So it was always a thrill to have these men believe in me. Ed really wanted me in the second one, but the director didn’t want any characters from the first film in it. Ed said if he got to do one of his own, that he would demand that I be in it, and I guess he got his way.\n I was wondering why you weren’t in the second Starship Troopers film, Hero of the Federation…\nCvD: The director [Phil Tippett] really wanted to go a different way, from what I gather. I don’t know everything for a fact — you’ll have to ask him personally — but he also, from what I hear, wanted the humor out of Starship Troopers. It might have been the studio at the time that wanted the humor out, but they really asked Ed to put it back in for this one. So Ed was like, well, that’s the way I like to write, and that’s what he did.\nThis film was always meant to be a DVD release. But it’s getting a theatrical in Japan because they did such a phenomenal job with it that Japan said, we want this for a theatrical [release]. But it was always meant to be a DVD.\nWell, there’s definitely a collective love for the first Starship Troopers, and Marauder seems to fall much closer to the spirit of the original. \nCvD: Definitely. You are one hundred percent correct. Robert Heinlein created Starship Troopers, but Ed created the Starship Troopers movie world. He put in his political satire in the first film, he’s got it in this film and then some, and he’s also got this new religious twist, which some may or may not get. I think it’s hysterical, though. He’s a phenomenal writer. Different people will embrace it in different ways. And other people will hate it in other ways, but it’s always fantastic to have that kind of variation in appeal, or lack thereof.\nNext: Ed Neumeier vs. Paul Verhoeven, Johnny Rico vs. Stallone, Schwarzenegger, and more \n Having known Ed for a while and worked with him before, how would you describe him as a first-time director, especially in contrast to Paul Verhoeven? \nCvD: That’s a very good question. Ed Neumeier — this is a natural segue for him, to go from writer-creator to director, and this is an easier venue for him to do that as his debut. Because he is already known, and this is an established franchise that he’s affiliated with and have a lot more appreciation for and from. The advantage for him is as a director, he hired a great team around him. He did a superb job and the people really embraced it and loved him and went for it. But he also had the most incredible training and advantage over most debut directors, because he was on the set every day of RoboCop, and on the set every day of Starship Troopers, under one of the greatest directors of all time: Paul Verhoeven. So he had that instruction. Paul — even if you watch Black Book today…what a great film that is. Paul continues to grow as a director and his passion is unsurpassed by anybody. Ed was able to witness this and get these lessons and instructions. And also he’s a fan of films. Ed’s a huge fan of John Ford films, and you can talk to him about just about any film. Differences between them? Paul’s a bit more of a screamer, and he has more of an accent. [Laughs]\nPaul had a bigger budget, but what Ed had for this was phenomenal. Robert Skotak was the Academy Award-winning special effects guy for Aliens and T2, and he wanted to be on the first Starship Troopers because he was a big fan of the book, and he got to do this one and he did something like 420 more special effects than he was scheduled to do because he loved it so much. The bug that Ed wrote about, he created. The old bugs, he put his little flavors into. For the budget that he had, he did the most phenomenal job. What I also appreciate is Sony, they got Klaus Badelt, who did the music for Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl, who saw this and loved it and did the music for it. So they really got some remarkable people behind it. And Sony’s putting the most incredible campaign I have ever seen together for a DVD release. The Japanese website is incredible, and the posters that you see throughout the world, from Australia to America to Japan, are awesome! And I’m not just saying that because I’m on the cover…\n Where would you place Johnny Rico in the pantheon of great sci-fi heroes? \nCvD: Well, being the self-absorbed me…I remember seeing this article that rated different superheroes, and it had me beating Jesse Ventura from Predator, and it had me beating Demi Moore from G. I. Jane — it had Johnny Rico beating these guys — and it had Sylvester Stallone beating John Wayne…whatever! And Arnold Schwarzenegger beat me, but then Arnold Schwarzenegger beat Stallone. So I came in third. But right now, I could kick either of their asses, ’cause they’re old. I’m sorry! Put ’em down like the b****es they are! Just kidding, I don’t know. Arnold Schwarzenegger can still take me out, he’s the Governator; Sylvester Stallone, I just saw him in Rambo and he was huge. Huuuuge.\nYeah, but how many of them still do nude scenes like the one you have in Starship Troopers: Marauder? \nCvD: [Laughs] I don’t think we’d want to see them in a nude scene right now! I hardly want to see myself in a nude scene, but I worked out really hard for that one.\nSo tell us how Johnny Rico has changed in the near-decade since we last saw him in Starship Troopers.\nCvD: Well it’s eleven years later, and it’s eleven years later for him as well. He’s survived — one of the few in the Starship Troopers world to do so — men, women, an equal kill factor. It seems like he’s become more of a pure warrior. He might be more disillusioned with the higher ranking officers and their willingness to sacrifice good troopers, as many of us are disillusioned with the people in charge who are willing to sacrifice American soldiers who are willing to do their part, and do it well, and who have honorable intentions. I think that is what he’s become. He joined the military first for a girl, and was trying to impress her, though that of course didn’t work; we always do stupid things when we’re young to try and impress girls and it never works, but…he became a soldier, and now he’s a pure warrior, and he’s very good at what he does. Maybe not as good as everyone else because they get promoted a lot faster, but he’s good enough to survive, and that’s a definite plus in the Starship Troopers world.\nFor more info, photos and news, check out our Starship Troopers: Marauder page. \n\nActress Eva Mendes has made much of the last ten years in Hollywood, skyrocketing from small parts in movies like Night at the Roxbury and Exit Wounds to featured roles in — films like Training Day, Ghost Rider, and Hitch. More impressively, she’s gone for a variety of interesting roles in blockbusters and indie films alike, working closely with the likes of Will Smith, Robert Rodriguez, the Farrelly brothers, Nicolas Cage (twice), Denzel Washington (also twice), Frank Miller, and Werner Herzog, in the upcoming Bad Lieutenant.\nIn this week’s The Women, based on the play by Clare Booth Luce and Anita Loos’ 1939 script, Mendes plays Manhattan temptress Crystal Allen, a ruthless vixen in kitten heels (and a character played by none other than Joan Crawford in George Cukor’s 1939 film of the same name). Joining an all-star cast of some of Hollywood’s biggest female names, Mendes holds her own against the combined forces of Meg Ryan, Annette Bening, Jada Pinkett-Smith and Bette Midler whilst notching another prominent role in her filmography. Once you read her Five Favorite Films, you’ll agree that Eva Mendes is aiming high; we personally can’t wait to see her in a Coen brothers film.\n&nbsp;\n\nSecrets &amp; Lies (1996, 94% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m a huge Mike Leigh fan and would love to work with him. His approach to filming sounds fascinating and exciting. I understand that he doesn’t give his actors a script but instead hands them scenes and encourages improvisation. I’m not sure if this is indeed his process, but the result is nothing short of beautiful intimate moments. And this film is full of them! At times it feels so intimate it’s almost voyeuristic. To me, that’s what makes a performance really exciting…when you’re almost embarrassed to be peeking into peoples’ lives. And that happens a lot in this perfect emotional drama.\n\n\n\nFitzcarraldo (1982, 86% Tomatometer)\n\nI had the pleasure of working with the director of this film, Werner Herzog, recently. He is one of my all-time favorite filmmakers. In Fitzcarraldo, he manages to bring an opera house into a Peruvian jungle. What an amazing concept!\n&nbsp;\n\n\n\nNetwork (1976, 90% Tomatometer)\n\nDuvall, Dunaway, Finch, Holden and Ned Beatty…are you kidding? \nThis film is as true today as it was when they made it over 30 years ago. It’s just amazing how little things haven’t changed since then.\nFaye Dunaway kills it in this film. Her body language is so precise and her character’s ambition is simply frightening. Ned Beatty’s monologue alone makes this one worth watching.\n\n\n\nThe Big Lebowski (1998, 77% Tomatometer)\n\nI would die to work with the Coen Brothers. I love their sense of humor. This film is hysterical on so many levels, but I guess it’s the diverse group of characters that really gets to me. Jeff Bridges is perfection as “the dude” and Julianne Moore kills it as Maude, but my favorite may be John Turturro as “Jesus.” To me, this is a perfect comedy. Oh yeah and the soundtrack is SICK!!!\n\n\n\nCity of Lost Children (1995, 82% Tomatometer)\n\nNobody portrays children in cinema better than the French. Juenet and Caro direct the amazing Ron Perlman in this surrealist fairy tale. He plays a scientist that kidnaps children so he can steal their dreams in hopes of slowing down his own aging process. So beautiful, so French.\n\n\nNext: Read on as we talk Women with Eva Mendes. \n \nPlease tell us about your character, Crystal. Is she as much a “villain” in The Women as she is in the original? Is she meant to be even partly sympathetic, or a full-on she-devil? \nEva Mendes: In The Women, I play Crystal Allen and I had a blast stepping into her stilletos. On paper, she is a vicious maneater, but I tried to really understand where she was coming from. I found out that, like most women who act like she does, she’s deeply insecure. She acts out of fear and ends up hurting everyone around her, although that was never her intention. Oh yeah, she’s kind of funny too!\nGeorge Cukor’s 1939 film was a who’s who of Hollywood power actresses. Was there a sense when you were cast in Diane English’s 2008 version that a similar “power group” was being put together? \nEM: Working with these amazing women was so inspirational. Every day was a learning experience. You can’t buy that kind of experience in acting class!\nIn the climate of Cukor’s film, a woman stealing another woman’s husband had implications for her means of living, not only her heart — a gender imbalance that doesn’t exist today (as much). Do the stakes in a story like this change by setting it in 2008?\nEM: Diane English did a great job of bringing this film to 2008. I love the original, but if it were a true remake, I don’t think it would have worked. Women are at a completely different place now….thank God!\nYou seem to be searching for varied roles in your career so far, not only in terms of characters but in the directors you work with (Robert Rodriguez, John Singleton, the Farrelly brothers, Frank Miller, Werner Herzog). What do you hope to learn from each of these filmmakers? \nEM: I hope to never stop growing. I hope that with every role I play, I keep adding layers to my craft. I love acting and I study religiously with my coach Ivana Chubbuck. It’s important for me to work with a strong director because I know I can go to some really deep places, I just need direction on how to get there.\nYour character poster for The Spirit is arguably the best of the bunch. Years down the line, do you think Sand Saref will be one of the more iconic roles that fans remember you for? If so, why?\nEM: I hope not. I hope my best is yet to come!\n“You\nonly roast the ones you love,” Dane Cook explained to Rotten Tomatoes\nregarding\n\nhis colorful comments about \nMy\nBest Friend’s Girl‘s poster, in which he compared his Photoshopped\nface to a section of Britney Spears’s anatomy. “If you really, really are\npissed or whatever, you don’t say anything. You just tuck your tail between\nyour legs and you walk away.”\nSo Cook loves his upcoming movie (opening this Friday), in which he co-stars\nwith Jason Biggs, Kate Hudson, and Alec Baldwin as a jackass-for-hire who\ntakes women on legendarily bad dates and sends them running back to their\nexes. What are the other movies the comedian/actor loves, namely his five\nfavorite of all time? RT puts Cook under the spotlight.\n\n\n\nPlanes, Trains, and Automobiles (1987, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI know three right off the bat.\nPlanes, Trains, and Automobiles. How’d it influence me? Big Steve Martin fan. Knew I wanted to be a comedian when I was very young. And my sister brought the Wild and Crazy Guy album home, which I still have in my office. When\nPlanes, Trains came out, that was the first film that really I looked at and said, “I’d love to, someday if I’m lucky enough to have a comedy audience, bring them into film and make that kind of movie.” Big heart, big laughs. And, of course, Steve Martin at the car rental shop, you know, “I want my f–king car right f–king now.” Unbelievably funny movie. Of course, John Hughes, John Candy, one of my favorites ever.\nCan I take two minutes to tell a story? Awesome f–king John Hughes story. [My Best Friend’s Girl director] Howie [Deutch] was directing\nSome Kind of Wonderful and the studio wanted a four-page rewrite on a scene. So Howie’s all, “I can’t figure out what to do.” Calls John, says, “Can you come over and help me write these four pages?” For two-and-a-half hours they’re just pacing around, John is just smoking incessantly. Howie says, “I need to lay down. I’m beat. I’m going to sleep a few hours and then we’ll finish it.” Then he says, “Dane, I wake up at about five in the morning and John is scribbling like crazy. He hands it to me and says, ‘Read this. It’s only 50 pages right now, but read it. I’m calling it\nFerris Bueller’s Day Off.’ \n\n\n\nThe Empire\nStrikes Back (1980, 97% Tomatometer)\n\nAbsolutely blown away by the world of\nStar Wars, Empire and Jedis. [But] my favorite moment of the three is actually in\nThe Return of the Jedi. And I argue this with people who are real Star Wars freaks. “Ewoks ruin the movie.” If you’re going to trifle over Ewoks, and you’re not going to talk about how great the speeder bike scenes through the redwood forests are, then f–k off. Those are some of the greatest action sequences… Okay, yeah, there’s some cute critters to sell merchandise. [But there’s] some [scenes] that I couldn’t even dream up with these unbelievable hovercrafts and modern-looking Stormtrooopers.\nAnd Jedi has the best moment. [It’s] at the very end when the Emperor is trying to pull Luke over and, of course, Luke is getting the s–t kicked out of him and getting electricity blown at him. And Luke finally takes his lightsaber and throws it aside and says, “No. I’ll never join you. I’m a Jedi like my father before me.” And the Emperor says, “So be it…Jedi.” And it was the fact that the f–king devil himself gave Luke props and called him by [who] he was. It empowered him. That always gets by people, but that’s my stand-out moment.\nBut Empire, when that movie ended in a cliffhanger, my life was a cliffhanger. Until the next one came out, you couldn’t talk to me, you couldn’t talk to me, dude. I was hanging out with my Ungnaught action figures. Everything in my life went back to, “What do you think is going to happen next to Han Solo?” I promise you, you talk to my family and they will go, “Dane was bananas.”\n\n\n\n\nGoodfellas (1990,\n96% Tomatometer)\n\nGoodfellas is a movie that you can watch a million times in a row and there’s always a scene where you go, “Whoa, wait a minute, is this another director’s cut. Where did that scene come from? When did that scene get so amazing?” Just a classic. Love Scorsese. But this movie to me is just the cream of the crop when it comes to dramas.\n\n\n\n\nThe Dark Knight (2008,\n95% Tomatometer)\n\nI’m going to put this on the list. It’s a new movie. It’s a movie that’s making history. It’s one of the greatest crime dramas out there. And when Kevin Smith lovingly compared it to\nGodfather II, it was before I had seen the movie and I thought, “Okay, this is jumping the shark. Kevin Smith, if I see him, I want to punch in the mouth. Because he has taken the hype machine and he’s cranked it up to 11 via\nSpinal Tap.” And I was unhappy with [his] statement.\nNow that I’ve sat through the movie, I want to French kiss Kevin Smith. He f–king nailed it. And this movie,\nThe Dark Knight, it deserves the money its making. It’s epic, it’s classic, Heath Ledger would be amazing whether it was a posthumous performance, whatever. He’s awesome in it. I. Love. This. Movie. \n\n\n\nHalloween (1978,\n90% Tomatometer)\n\nLet me really rattle my brain here. I want to go back. I’m going to say Halloween. When Mike Myers walks out of the backyard… It’s an establishing shot of the front of the house, and you think it’s just a standard exterior, night, Halloween, porch. [But] then the music goes [imitates Halloween theme]. And then [Myers] walks out of the shadow of the backyard. I, to this day, don’t look into a shadowy night yard situation without seeing him walk out.\nThe same way that when I’m in a very sudsy bathtub — and, yes, I do take baths, don’t judge me — when my f–king toe comes out of the water — my number six pick would be\nJaws — I still look at my toe and I still become frightened of Amity Beach and all the things that happened to the poor people in the Steven Spielberg epic.\nI grew up in a family that loved film, loved music, loved comedy. Thirsty for the how-to’s. Some kids liked to take apart radios. I wanted to know how Johnny Carson set up punch. I wanted to know how Burt Reynolds jumped over the bridge in\nCannonball Run. I really have a love of film. And although I wanted to be a comedian primarily, I certainly wanted to, with a smidgen of success, be behind the camera and\nlive that incredible world.\n\nBestselling author Chuck Palahniuk burst onto Hollywood’s radar when his psychological novel, Fight Club, was adapted into a major motion picture directed by David Fincher; the resulting film became every American male’s aggro-fantasy (“The first rule of fight club is, you don’t talk about fight club.”) This month, the Palahniuk touch returns to cinemas via Choke, a raunchy and delightfully vulgar adaptation of his novel about a sex addict (Sam Rockwell) who cons people using the Heimlich maneuver.\nChuck Palahniuk took time to share his Five Favorite Films with RT. The results were morbid, to say the least. In no particular order, here are Chuck’s five favorites!\n\n\n\nHarold and Maude (1971, 86% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nRuth Gordon was so much more than Garson Kanin‘s beard. With music by Cat Stevens…  as a motorcycle cop… this movie satisfies on so many levels. Death and sex have never been so beautifully linked together. This film is Love Story for the rest of us.\n\n\n\n\nThey Shoot Horses, Don’t They? (1969, 83% Tomatometer)\n\n\nOnce again, we see sex and death wed like chocolate and peanut butter. Jane Fonda looks like the angel of bitter, angry suicide girls before such girls were ever born. Bruce Dern plays the psycho hillbilly we loved him playing in ‘The Big Valley’ on television. Gig Young claws his way to the bottom of the bottom-feeders, winning the Oscar just before his own real-life suicide. Here’s my favorite “date movie” of all time.\n\n\n\n\nAlien (1979,\n97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nDo I really need to explain this? Except for the weird disco typeface spelling out “nostromo” on everyone’s uniform, this film seems timeless.\n\n\n\n\nSession 9 (2001,\n60% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAgain, everybody dies. That is such the best, most-great formula for a true masterpiece film. A classic film should leave you thinking, “How in the hell did this idea ever get financing?” The director, Brad Anderson, does more with his small budget than most movies do with huge, fat mountains of cash. The moment the credits start to roll, I want to watch the whole story over again.\n\n\n\n\nSunset Blvd (1950,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nEverybody ends up dead or insane-slash-arrested. Nancy Olson is dismissed to wed Jack Webb — the real off-screen horror ending. Every performance is outlandish, as big as anything on any Mexican soap opera. The dead monkey. Buster Keaton. The fun never ends. The best noir comedy, ever.\n\n\nBut wait, there’s more! We’ve got an exclusive clip from Choke for our RT readers, featuring Sam Rockwell as Victor and Anjelica Huston as his deranged mother, Ida.\n\n\nClick above to watch the exclusive clip!\nClick to check out the latest reviews, images, and trailers from Choke.\n\nSinger, actress, businesswoman…rock opera star? Paris Hilton has worn many hats during her reign as America’s most famous celebutante, but her most unexpected role is about to come. As a spoiled rich girl with a dangerous plastic surgery addiction in Darren Lynn Bousman‘s grand, Gothic rock opus Repo! The Genetic Opera, Hilton is surprising critics by taking more than a few jabs at herself — by playing a character some might call the Paris Hilton of Repo!\nRotten Tomatoes caught up with Hilton at the soundtrack release party for Repo! The Genetic Opera, which debuts in theaters November 7. Read on for the latest installment of Five Favorite Films with Paris Hilton!\n\nThere’s Something About Mary (1998, 81% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nI love There’s Something About Mary. I love Ben Stiller, I think he’s hilarious, so funny. I love Cameron Diaz — she’s so beautiful, and such a great actress. I love the Farrelly brothers. They’re so talented. They have the craziest, sickest humor but I love it.\n\n\n\nMoulin Rouge (2001, 78% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nAnd Moulin Rouge — I love musicals, and I love the music in that. I have it all memorized, I’ve seen that movie twenty times. It’s so beautiful, and I love the makeup and the costumes. The story is so sad.\n\n\n\nBeaches (1988, 27% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nI love Beaches. I love that movie! It’s so sad, but it’s really a story about best friends. I don’t know, it’s a classic, and I grew up with it. And it has really great music.\n\n\n\nEdward Scissorhands (1990, 91% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nI love Johnny Depp — he’s an amazing actor, and I love the characters he picks. And it’s just a really cute story. And I love the director [Tim Burton].\n\n\n\nBreakfast at Tiffany’s (1961, 86% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nAnd I love Breakfast at Tiffany’s. I love Audrey Hepburn. I love her style, and I think the whole idea of it is really fun, because I used to live in New York so I can relate to her.\n\n\nOur interview with Paris Hilton continues as we discuss her role in Repo! The Genetic Opera, how her intensive singing for the role inspired her new album, and her dream role as an actress.\n\nYou’re here because you have a role in Darren Bousman’s film, Repo! The Genetic Opera, which seems to be kind of an unusual choice for you. What kind of roles are you usually offered, and why did you choose to venture into this Goth rock opera? \nParis Hilton: I’m always offered basically to play myself, or another blond role, so it’s hard to really do anything with it, because it’s like, you know, whatever. So I was really honored and excited when I got the call from Darren about it because I love all the Saw movies. The fact that I was being offered such a different role was really exciting for me, and I wanted to show people that I can do a lot more than what I’ve been offered.\nI remember hearing Darren talk about how impressed they were at your auditions by your singing.\nPH: Yeah, auditions were a lot of fun. I’m so excited I got the part! I really worked hard with my voice coach; this was completely different from my last album. The music was hardcore, so I really had to train. Doing those exercises really helps, they really built up my voice. I was excited to do another album so I set up a recording studio at my house, did a whole album this summer, wrote all the songs…so that’s coming out next month.\nWhat kind of album will this be?\nPH:A lot of the songs are very tongue-in-cheek, like I’m joking around and making fun of my image a little bit. And then some songs are more serious, some are love songs, anthem kind of songs.\nActing-wise, what are your goals?\nPH:Well, people have been seeing Repo and giving great reviews, so I’ve been getting many offers and calls to do a lot. I’d like to play a total nerd, I think that would be fun.\n&nbsp;\nWant more 5 Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Chuck Palahniuk, Dane Cook, Eva Mendes, and Judd Apatow.\nClick to check out the latest reviews, images, and trailers from Repo! The Genetic Opera.\n\nComing off his most accessible comedy (Jersey Girl) and his most\nvulgar (Clerks 2), writer-director Kevin Smith concocts a mixture of\nthe two styles for his latest, Zack and Miri Make a Porno, opening\nthis Friday. In a film by turns thoughtful and juvenile, Seth Rogen and\nElizabeth Banks star as two roommates who embark on a porno shoot to pay off\ndebts, while slowly realizing the possibility they could be more than just\nfriends, roommates, and on-screen amateurs.\nRT spoke to Smith for his five\nfavorite films ever, and followed up with an interview about the process of\ncreating the Zack and Miri universe.\n\nJaws (1975, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nCome\non, it’s common sense. Jaws is a fantastic film. Maybe the second film I\nsaw in my life — I saw The Gumball Rally prior to Jaws — but\nJaws is the first one that made a deep, deep impression. I saw it a drive-in\nwith my parents when I was five, which is kinda weird in retrospective. It was\nPG at the time.\nMy kid’s nine and my wife still won’t let me show her Jaws.\nI made the mistake of showing my kid Gremlins when she was six and I have\nheard no end of it from my old lady. She’s all, “She’s still afraid of\nGremlins.” Gremlins is a harmless f–king movie.\n\n\n\nJFK (1991, 84% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nBrilliant writing. Brilliant performances. Fantastic editing. That is\nthe most well-edited film I have ever seen in my life. I like a lot of Oliver\nStone stuff in general.\n\n\n\nA\nMan for All Seasons (1966, 85% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nA Man For All Seasons is basically porn for people who love dialogue.\nPaul Scofield’s brilliant performance. Robert Shaw’s equally brilliant performance\nas Henry the VII. It’s always appealed to me. I was 13 years old the first time\nI saw it. Absolutely fell in love with it because it’s wall-to-wall language\nwith compelling performances. And [it’s] about something to me, in terms that I\nwas raised Catholic. So Thomas Moore’s decision to not sign the oath of\nsuccession appealed to me as I was growing up because this is a dude who’s\nmartyred for his beliefs and whatnot.\nAnd people will always compare that movie\nto The Crucible for some reason. But I never felt the same connection to The\nCrucible because in that instance John Procter is just going to great\nlengths to try to keep his name. Whereas Thomas Moore went to great lengths to\nkeep, what he felt was his soul, intact. By taking that oath it would’ve been\nselling out on his soul, it would’ve been lying. He couldn’t do it and I always\nfound that insanely admirable and the life one wants to emulate to some degree,\nwithout being crazy Catholic at the same time. \n\n\nDo the\nRight Thing (1989, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nSpike Lee’s finest movie. One of the movies that made me want to get\ninto the movies as well. I knew I was never going to make Do the Right Thing, to\ndo what he did with cinema and tell a story comedically but also dramatically.\nVery intense. That movie goes from a fun comedy — I don’t know if you can\nsay fun comedy, but it’s a funny comedy — to a dramatic shift in tone. It’s a\nslow burn. You don’t notice it when it happens. It comes out of left field but\nit’s keeping in what has come before. You realize how masterfully it’s put\ntogether.\nThat movie informed Clerks to a large degree: it takes place all in\none day, in one particular block, in one very specific city. So that was the\nmodel I used for Clerks. So much so that the original version of Clerks Dante\ngets killed because I was like, “I want to do something like that.” Then I\nrealized I’m not Spike Lee.\n\nThe Last\nTemptation of Christ (1988, 81% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nI was raised Catholic and I still consider myself a fairly spiritual\nperson even though I have a hard time identifying with most Christians in this\ncountry. But I still maintain a belief in God and in Jesus, and that gets tried\non a daily basis. The older I get, the wiser I get, the tougher it is to believe\nin a divine power or whatnot. So that movie appeals to me on that level alone.\nTo take it beyond, it’s just a fantastic Martin Scorsese picture. Great\nperformances in it. The first portrayal of Christ where I was, “Wow, this might\nbe what it was like.” He wasn’t a guy of all beatitude and perfection. He was a\nman, first and foremost, who just happened to be the son of God.\nOur interview with\nKevin Smith continues as we discuss the MPAA, the process of movie appeals, and\nmaking comedies during a Judd Apatow era.\nNow\nZack and Miri Make a Porno is a really sweet movie.\nKS: Thank you.\nJersey Girl is also a really sweet movie, but the reaction wasn’t\nquite-\nKS: [Laughs.] No, not nearly as good.\nWith Judd Apatow’s productions currently the standard bearers\nof American comedy, do you think people are now more receptive to this mix of\nvulgarity and sweetness?\nKS: Absolutely. It felt like once 40 Year Old\nVirgin did over $100 million, suddenly it made the type of movie that I\nmake, the kind that mixes vulgar stuff with sentimental stuff, or raunchy stuff\nwith sweet stuff, viable. Economically viable. For years, I felt any movie that\nmixed raunch and sweetness couldn’t make more than $30 million. It was the best\nwe’ve ever done.\nIt was a niche thing.\nKS: Totally. Absolute niche. Judd blows the ceiling out,\ncrashes through the glass ceiling, makes over $100 million with 40 Year Old\nVirgin, Knocked Up, and Superbad, and suddenly it proves that\ngenre viable. So, that to me was a blessing. I’m like, “Right on.” Now I can\ntotally make Zack and Miri Make a Porno without having it on a $200,000\nbudget on a 50 screen release.\n\n\nSeth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks.\n\nHas Zack and Miri‘s MPAA process given you a new\nenthusiasm to do [upcoming horror project] Red State?\nKS: [Laughs.] I don’t take as much umbrage with the\nMPAA fiasco, if you will, as everyone else. Like everyone else wants to scream\n“censorship” the minute it happens. I don’t feel that way because they’re not\nsaying, “Cut it or it don’t go out.” They’re saying, “If you want your rating,\nthe rating you want, you’re gonna have to make some changes.” So I would\nmuch rather deal with one governing body than deal with it on a state-by-state\nbasis, which is what it was before the creation of the MPAA. A movie that\nplayed in New York might not play in Texas, because that state’s censors could\nshoot it down. And I assure you, if we were going state by state, I don’t think\nany of my movies would have played in Texas at this point.\nSo I’m glad there’s only one body you have to deal with\nthat governs the entire country and how we view movies, as opposed to 50.\nThey’re also fairly generous, and as much as it’s a pain in the ass, they do\ngive you the option to appeal. Like, you know, they’ll tell you what your\nrating is, and they’ll tell you what you need to look at if you want to reach\nthe rating you want via cuts.\nOr they give you this last bite at the apple, which they\nreally don’t have to do. Like, if I was in charge of the MPAA, I’d be like “F–k\nyou, the rating is the rating. Either cut or accept that rating.” But they give\nyou this alternative, where you can actually go and flip it. Go above their\nheads to a third party altogether, and I think that’s kinda generous, man. The\nfact that they do that at all.\nI mean, to me, it is what it is. At the end of the day,\nit’s part of the business. If you want to be in this business, you have to be\nwilling to play that game. And you know, the key is finding a way to play the\ngame where it works in your favor. And so far we’ve gotten lucky. Three times\nI’ve gone to the appeals process; three times we’ve flipped it without having to\nmake any cuts.\nClerks for one.\nKS:  Clerks. Jersey Girl they gave an\nR rating initially. I had to flip it to a PG-13. Clerks 2, first time we\nsubmitted it: R. That’s why I never thought we’d have problems on Zack and\nMiri because I’m like, “Nothing in this movie is nearly as outrageous as the\ndonkey show in Clerks 2. If they let that pass, this should be fine.” I\nwas wrong.\nHow does the appeals process work? \nKS: There’s a bunch of people that work on the\nratings board. I don’t know if they all watch every single movie or if they\njust use this many people and they rotate it or something.\nFirst, you go before the ratings board. They watch the\nmovie, they give you your rating. Then you could either choose to work with the\nratings board, try to cut it to get to your rating, or you go to the appeals\nprocess. The appeals process is made up of an audience that has no ratings\nboard members on it. There are MPAA members in the audience, people who work in\nthe studio system or whatnot, members of the Motion Picture Association, but\nthey’re not ratings board members. The other half of the audience is made up of\nmembers of NATO, the National Association of Theater Owners. I’ve always felt\nthat those members of NATO should be what the ratings board is made up of.\n\n\nCraig Robinson and Seth Rogen.\n\nBecause they’re the ones who exhibit the movie.\nKS: They are the last line of defense. They’re the\nones that deal with the public on a regular basis. So a guy who owns a movie\ntheater, an exhibitor, can tell you precisely what will get a person on their\nfeet, out of the theater, asking for a refund. And that’s an opinion I trust\nmore than some nebulous body with people who may or may not be parents of\nchildren who are of a young age.\nAnyways, the appeals screening is made up of those members\nof the audience. What you do is you screen the movie for them, and then you as\nthe filmmaker get up and you get 15 minutes to make an argument for why you feel\nthe movie should be rated R as opposed to NC-17. Then Joan Graves, who is the\nhead of the ratings board, gets up and she does 15 minutes as to why she feels\nthe movie is NC-17. Then you get 10 minutes to rebut her, and she gets\n10 minutes to rebut you. Then you two leave the room, and people take a secret\nballot. That’s how it all works. And you have to win by 2/3 majority. You\ncan’t win by one vote. So we had 14 people in our screening. If eight of them\nhad voted for us, we would have lost. We had to have 2/3, so we wound up\nwinning 10-4.\n\n\nZack and Miri’s film crew.\n\nNow after getting the R rating, people are taking\nissue with the posters.\nKS:  It’s weird. After we won the appeal, it felt\nlike the MPAA got a little more stringent with our marketing materials. Like,\nthey started kicking back our posters and potential trailers. We had done a\nbunch of behind-the-scenes shorts on Clerks 2 and put them up on the\nInternet and ran them for almost 6 months in advance of the movie. Never once\nhad to approve them through anybody. We do what we want, because it’s the\nInternet, and who governs the Internet?\nWe were gonna do [the shorts] again [for Zack and Miri,\nand] this time around, the MPAA told us that we couldn’t run without getting\nthem approved by the MPAA first. The MPAA’s manifest is they have approval over\nall movies and of signatory members of the MPAA. A studio has to be a signatory\nMPAA member [and] most studios are. All of them are, as a matter of fact. But\n[the MPAA] also governs the marketing material. So in the same way that they’re\nlike, “We can tell you what can go in a trailer that plays on TV, we can also\ntell you these can or cannot be played on the Internet.” And that’s the first\ntime I’ve ever encountered that.\nSuddenly, after years of ignoring the Internet, they’re now\npaying attention. So all those [shorts] had to get rated through them as well,\nand that was kind of weird. They were insisting that we install an age gate on\nthe site. An age gate is ridiculous. Anybody can beat an age gate. You don’t\neven have to be Einstein to beat an age gate. You’re just f–king picking a\ndate that makes you 18 or older. And in a world where you can jump to a porno\nsite and watch a 15-second mpeg of people f–king without clicking an age gate,\nhow are you protecting people from anything, you know? It’s like, this movie is\na comedy. It’s not true porn, you know. All the f–king is fake, and silly at\nthat. What about the real porn over here? But they’re like, “We’re not in\ncharge of that. We’re only in charge of movies.” Because no parent calls up the MPAA to say, like, “My kid saw something weird on largelabia.com.”\nI’ll be honest with you, I’m shocked they’ve let it go as\nlong as they have. The one thing I’m really terrified about is when they start\nrating the extras on a DVD. So far, people have left that alone. Jersey Girl\nwas a PG-13 movie. Those two commentary tracks are R, if not worse. And some of\nthe features we had on it were definitely not PG-13-friendly. So for years\nyou’ve been able to do that. I’m scared that one day those cats are gonna start\nturning on home video as well and being like, “We have to rate all the extras on\nthe disc.” So you could conceivably have a PG movie with R-rated extras. So as\nlong as they leave that alone, I’m fine.\nLargely, I don’t make PG-13 movies, so it doesn’t matter.\nIf most of my [DVD extra] content was rated R, the movies are usually rated R,\nso I’m okay with it. But, you know, [a potential MPAA crackdown] will prevent\nthings like that Jersey Girl commentary track from happening. Which, you\nknow, let’s be honest, wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. It wouldn’t be\nthe collapse of the American infrastructure. But it is kinda vexing.\nZack and Miri Make a Porno opens in theaters this Friday.\nWant more 5 Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Chuck Palahniuk, Dane Cook, Eva Mendes, and Judd Apatow.\nAfter a steady ascension to leading man status through cult TV work\n(Freaks and Geeks, Undeclared) and supporting roles (Anchorman, The 40 Year\nOld Virgin), Seth Rogen fulfils another Hollywood dream this week:\nheadlining a Kevin Smith movie, reported to have been Rogen’s goal when\nstarting out in L.A. He stars in Smith’s \nZack and Miri Make a Porno along\nwith Elizabeth Banks as one of two roommates who embark on a porno shoot to\npay off debts, while slowly realizing the possibility they could be more\nthan just friends, roommates, and on-screen amateurs.\nRT spoke to Rogen for his five favorite films ever (click\nhere for Monday’s\nFive Favorites article with Kevin Smith), and followed up with an interview\nabout  Zack and Miri, opening this Friday.\n\nThe Big Lebowski (1998,\n77% Tomatometer)\n\n\nObviously\namazing. It’s hilarious. I can watch it over and over. Unbelievably funny.\n\n\n\nGhostbusters (1984,\n93% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nThat was just good ol’ high-concept fun. Evan and I always like to take\nridiculous situations and handle them as though they were real. That’s kind of\nwhere the idea of Pineapple Express came from. These ridiculous action movie\nsituations and you handle it just how two idiots would handle it. And that’s\nkind of what Ghostbusters did. It’s a ridiculous concept but it was handled very\nmuch, “How would four dudes do that, you know?” And it’s great. I love that\nmovie.\n\nThe Last Detail (1974,\n91% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI saw that more recently in life. Hal Ashby shoots very simply. He kind of takes\na step back and shoots stuff as it happens. Things are never about the shot,\nyou know? It’s always about the joke. It’s never about how the camera moves.\nThat’s a very interesting style.\nSuperbad is very\nLast Detail-ish. We wrote Superbad before we saw Last Detail, but after we saw\nit, it helped clarify what we were going for, I think. \n\nTotal Recall\n(1990, 79% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nTotal Recall‘s just f–king rad. And super violent. That movie is a good\nindicator that you can take things much farther than you think you could.\n[Laughs.] And they will strike a chord with the mainstream, I think. That movie\ngoes really far. It’s pretty crazy. I love Paul Verhoeven. He’s the man.\n\nGoodfellas (1990 96% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nI just love that movie. It’s a rad\nmovie. It’s beautiful.\nOur interview with\nSeth Rogen continues as we discuss his upcoming projects, including The Green\nHornet and Judd Apatow’s Funny People.\nFreaks and Geeks is now a show that means a lot to people. When fans\ntalk to you, do you feel like you’re required to be knowledgeable about the\nshow, Star Trek-style?\nSR: I’m not that familiar with some of the episodes\nbecause I’m not in all of them. [Laughs.] I actually have not seen the ones I’m\nnot in as many times as the [ones I am in]. But, no, [the fans] are nice, and I\nknow it pretty well. I feel that I don’t disappoint those people too much.\nSo among your upcoming projects is writing a Simpsons episode.\n&nbsp;\nSR:\nYeah, we did it.\nWhen is it airing?\nSR: I don’t know. It takes a while to\nanimate them. It was the greatest thing we ever did. It was the smartest idea we\never had, trying to do that. The greatest day of my life.\nAnd you also voiced a character?\nSR: Yeah. You do it all together, which is amazing. The\nwhole cast is in one room. So it’s me and Homer…you’re talking to Dan\nCastellaneta!\n\n\n\nSeth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks.\n\nConsidering animated films now record everything\nseparately, it surprises me The Simpsons still records in a single room.\nSR: Surprised me too. I can’t believe they\ndo it like that. I haven’t even met half the people [I co-star with] in\n[animated] films.\nAnd [the episode] is really funny. I think. I hope. I hope it’s a good one. The\nfact that we came up with an idea at all that they hadn’t done before was\nshocking. And I just got the script in the mail signed by the whole cast and I’m\nall, “This is the f–king best thing we ever did.”\nBefore you came on board for The Green Hornet, Kevin Smith was attached\nto the project. Did you discuss your versions during the Zack and Miri shoot? \nSR: Yeah, I asked him what his version was. I told him what we were\ndoing. It seems that we have totally different takes. They’re totally different\nmovies. I had no idea that he was ever involved with it when we first came on.\nIt’s funny. Funny how things work out. But it’s happened before. I’ve been fired\nfrom movies that my friends are later hired on. Everyone knows each other. It’s\nbound to happen. [Laughs.]\nRight now you’re filming Funny People, rumored to\nbe more dramatic than comedic? \nSR: I don’t know if I’d say it’s more\ndrama than comedy. I’d say [there’s] more drama than our movies generally have.\nBut it’s still played pretty funny. I feel just the nature of having Adam\nSandler in every scene is [making] it funny. But it definitely is about\nsomething more serious, in that it deals with death in a lot of ways. It’s a\nreally interesting tone. Normally, our movies balance sweet storyline with the\ndirty jokes, but this one seems to balance more dark, depressing storyline with\nthe dirty jokes.\n&nbsp;\n\n\nCraig Robinson and Seth Rogen.\nWith the dramatic elements in Freaks and Geeks and\nKnocked Up, is Funny People not actually that big of a leap anyways?\nSR: I do feel like I’ve done quite a bit\nof drama. [The upcoming film] Observe and Report also has a lot of very dramatic stuff in it, so\nthat was good preparation. I think it’s actually easier to do drama to be\nhonest. Like, because, you just…you just don’t have to try to be funny.\n[Laughs.] For me to act natural and real but also try to be funny while doing\nthat [is hard].\n\nWhy was The Green Hornet the project that convinced\nyou to work out? Had it ever come up before with any other roles that you should\nget into shape?\nSR:  No, it never had. [Laughs.] No, it\njust never came up really. [Laughs.] I honestly think it serves the movie more.\nI don’t need to be in incredible shape for it. But it’s definitely served by [a\nhero] who’s into his image, a guy who’s a little more physical attentive than\nsome of my other characters. A guy who physically who just has to do a lot of\nstuff.\nWhen was it known that Stephen Chow was going to\ndirect in addition to co-starring?\nSR:  It was simultaneous. We sent him the\nscript. We said, “The world is yours. Tell us what you want your involvement to\nbe, and that’s what it’ll be.” He wrote back that he wanted to direct it and be\nKato. And that was it.\nWas Chow familiar with your work when you sent him\nthe script?\nSR:  I think maybe he was familiar with\nThe Green Hornet. And then he heard that a comedian was involved in it. I think\nhe had heard of our movies but I don’t know if he had seen them. He has seen\nthem all now, and he’s liked them. Enough to read the script, I guess. And we\ngot along really well.\nAnd vice-versa: how familiar were you with Chow’s\nwork?\nSR:  I remember when Shaolin Soccer came\nout. I saw Kung Fu Hustle and that was the first I really saw of him. And it\njust blew my mind. And then I went back and watched all the other stuff, God of\nCookery and all that.\n&nbsp;\n\n\nSeth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks.\n\nHow did you originally get involved with The Green\nHornet?\nSR:  You know, you tell your agent, “We\nwant to work on our next movie. Is there anything out there that’s interesting?”\nShe’ll tell you one ten things and one of them’s The Green Hornet. “Oh,\n[producer] Neal\nMoritz has the rights to The Green Hornet. Maybe you can pitch an idea to the\nwriters. Maybe you can pitch an idea if you have one.” Me and [writing\npartner] Evan [Goldberg] knew of The\nGreen Hornet, we liked it. I wasn’t, like, f–king crazy about it or anything.\nBut we’ve always wanted to write a movie about a hero and his sidekick. And we\nalways thought that was an interesting story. And one that’s never been told\nwell. It’s a funny relationship. And we thought that’d be the perfect one to do\nthat with. Get the one thing where the sidekick’s more famous than the hero.\nLike, everyone knows Bruce Lee. We just pitched our idea. And I could be him in\nthis version because it’s about not really being your traditional hero. He needs\n[Kato]. He can’t do it on his own.\nIn the new wave of superhero movies, you can’t have\na sidekick anymore.\nSR:  Exactly!\nDo you think a superhero/sidekick movie is\ninherently funny or campy? \nSR:  Yes. It’s impossible for that\nrelationship to not be slightly comedic. It just by nature is. That is why we\nalways wanted to make a movie about that. And our movies are all about\nrelationships. That’s where we always start. From Pineapple Express to Superbad,\nas dumb and weird as those movies are, we always start with the relationship.\nAgain, yeah, we were huge comic book fans, but with this, it seemed like our way\nin. It seemed like, “Ah, we get to make a comic book superhero movie, but it’s\nalso based on a relationship.” And that’s something we know how to make movies\nabout.\nAnd not that many people are fans of it. Which is also good. There’s very few\npeople to piss off. No one knows s–t about The Green Hornet.\n\nThere’s four guys on a message board who are out for blood.\nSR:  [Laughs.] There’s four guys who are\nreal pissed off about it, and f–k those guys. Who cares, you know? The fact\nthat anyone right now is excited about a Green Hornet movie is a miracle. Like,\nit is unbelievable that we somehow got people talking about The Green Hornet.\nZack and Miri Make a Porno opens in theaters this Friday.\nWant more 5 Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with\nKevin Smith, Dane Cook,\n\nParis Hilton, and Judd Apatow.\n\nHellboy creator Mike Mignola first saw his trademark comic book character make the leap from page to screen in 2004’s critically-acclaimed adaptation of the same name, helmed by fantasy auteur Guillermo del Toro. After co-writing two direct-to-DVD animated Hellboy films (one of which was nominated for a Primetime Emmy), Mignola reunited with comrade-in-arms del Toro to pen an original sequel to their successful first Hellboy film, infusing the familiar world of the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense with a distinctly folkloric twist. The result, Hellboy II: The Golden Army, opened this summer to a Certified Fresh 88 percent Tomatometer score and comes to DVD this week.\nRT spoke with Mike Mignola to learn his Five Favorite Films of all time, which appropriately span the cinematic landscape where art meets horror. (Stay tuned for Guillermo del Toro’s Five Favorite Films to see which beloved movie both Hellboy artists share in common!)\n\nBride of Frankenstein (1935, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s just the greatest monster movie ever made. It’s so much weirder than it needed to be; in a way it’s kind of like Hellboy, where the first Hellboy movie was like, kind of normal, for what it was, but the second movie was so much weirder because the director was like, well I got that studio picture out of my system, now I’ll just go crazy. That’s what Bride of Frankenstein was like. It’s like a monster art film.\n\n\n\nBeauty and the Beast (1946, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nJean Cocteau’s Beauty and the Beast — because it’s just the greatest, weird, fantasy art film ever.\n\n\n\nMoby Dick (1956, 90% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI moved to New York in 1982, and I didn’t know any of those kind of people but that kind of world was going on. It’s a brilliant film; the poetry of the language and everything else — it’s just a great film about art. \n\nHenry V (1989, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nKenneth Branagh‘s Henry V. Because it’s just a perfect mix of that great Shakespeare dialogue, with the music and the tone of everything, and the drama…it was just perfect.\n\n\n\n \nClick for behind-the-scenes images from Hellboy II.For more on Hellboy II: The Golden Army, click here.\n\nWith a reputation for excellence in the realms of fantasy and horror, filmmaker Guillermo del Toro brought a visionary touch to such critically-acclaimed films as Pan’s Labyrinth, The Devil’s Backbone, Cronos, and last year’s The Orphanage, which he produced. When del Toro turned his attentions to Dark Horse Comics’ Hellboy franchise in 2004 — infusing the big, horned anti-hero with a distinct sense of style and wit — fans and critics were summarily delighted, and the reins came loose for a bigger and more fantastical sequel. Hellboy II: The Golden Army surpassed the critical and box office performances of its predecessor and is Certified Fresh at 88 percent on the Tomatometer.\nRotten Tomatoes caught up with del Toro at the Hellboy II: The Golden Army DVD/Blu-ray Launch Party, where, in signature self-deprecating fashion, he guided those in attendance through the immersive Hellboy II Blu-ray experience. More importantly, del Toro announced plans to join fans in a ground-breaking BD-Live chat event (November 23rd at 6pm PST), where Blu-ray owners can log in and ask him their most burning questions. Except for, say, his favorite movies of all time; we’ve got that covered below.\nRead on for Guillermo del Toro‘s Five Favorite Films (click for the Five Favorite Films of Hellboy II star Doug Jones and Hellboy comics creator Mike Mignola, who shared at least one top movie with del Toro himself)…\n\nBride of Frankenstein (1935, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nBride of Frankenstein is absolutely perfect. It has the innocence and beauty of a fairy tale, but has the darkness of a gothic horror tale. So the combination is irresistible. [On hearing that Hellboy comics creator Mike Mignola also named Bride of Frankenstein among his favorite films, del Toro said with a smile, “Well, we are alike in some aspects.”]\n\n\n\nBlade Runner (1982, 91% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThe third film, Los Olvidados — Bunuel‘s movie — which I think is one of the best depictions of childhood ever made. \n\nThe Road Warrior (1981, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThe Road Warrior — again, it transformed the way I see the world.\n\n\nThe Gold Rush (1925, 100%) / City Lights (1931, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\n\nAnd [lastly] probably The Gold Rush, or City Lights, by Chaplin, because they are absolute pinnacles of filmmaking. You have precision comedy, precision filmmaking, and one of the best directors ever. He and Buster Keaton were fantastic, and they were two of my idols.\n\n\n\n\n \nClick for images from Guillermo del Toro’s Hellboy II production diary!For more on Hellboy II: The Golden Army, click here.\n\nThanks to a teen phenomenon called Twilight, Robert Pattinson has gone from being a little-known Brit actor (best known as the handsome, ill-fated Cedric Diggory in two Harry Potter films) to having his face plastered across every major magazine, television show, and website known to man. Or at least, every one of them known to teenage girls. This Friday, thousands of Pattinson’s admiring fans will have the pleasure of finally watching the teen vampire romance that has launched their favorite new teen idol into the stratosphere, as he stars opposite Kristen Stewart as Edward Cullen, the dreamiest undead boyfriend of the year in Catherine Hardwicke‘s (Thirteen, Lords of Dogtown) adaptation of Stephenie Meyer’s best-selling novel.\nBut there’s more than Tiger Beat fodder to the 22-year-old actor; after the Twilight frenzy peaks this week (with fans and Summit Entertainment suits crossing their fingers for a breakout box office to justify a multi-sequel franchise) Pattinson will appear next March as a young Salvador Dali in Little Ashes (click for images)– a period piece that might test the ardor of Pattinson’s Twilight fan base — and the indie outsider pic How to Be, which will likely pick up distribution in the wake of Twilight. Pattinson’s artful leanings came out in a conversation with Rotten Tomatoes about his favorite films of all time, which span such cinematic luminaries as Jack Nicholson, Jean-Luc Godard, and…Chris Kattan?\nRead on for Five Favorite Films with Twilight‘s Robert Pattinson.\n\nOne Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest (1975, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThe films that I like aren’t necessarily because they’re good films in themselves — One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest is a good film — but that one specifically meant a lot to me. Not because I was in a mental home or anything, but that character influenced me so much when I was 15 or 16, and bits of it stuck with me. A lot of that kind of “putting your middle finger up to the world” attitude — not that I really have that, but…I used to be so timid, and that was one of those films that [helped me break out], by pretending to be [Jack Nicholson’s character] Randle.\n\n\n\nThe Exorcist (1973, 85% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThe Exorcist, because I love Linda Blair. [Laughs] She’s my ideal woman.\n\n\n\nPrenom Carmen (First Name: Carmen) (1983, 88% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nWhat else do I like? A Godard film called Prenom Carmen, which sounds like I’m just saying that to be cool, but it’s actually one of my favorite films. I think it’s the best Godard film. It’s like his version of Carmen the opera, one of his films from the eighties. In terms of just pure filmmaking and manipulating an audience, it kind of starts out as a farce, as a complete, stupid farce, with this bank robbery; but it’s really, really…Godardian, with kind of a stupid humor that’s so random. Only he could make it, mixed up with these kinds of philosophical elements.\nIt starts out with one of these bank robbers, these students, and she starts to sleep with one of the guards; she’s having sex with him in the bank, and he pretends to arrest her and they run away together. And he wants to be part of her gang. It’s all so completely ridiculous. And then suddenly, halfway through, it turns into the most heartbreaking, serious thing that you’ve ever seen — out of nowhere! — and you’re suddenly so attached to these characters, which you weren’t before, because it seemed like a stupid student film. They have this secondary story where they have a string quartet playing the soundtrack which runs in the other story, but they film them during rehearsal, just doing really close up things with them playing cello and stuff, and it’s about the relationship with the conductor and this girl, the cellist — and it’s completely random to the film, but it’s incredible.\nContinuing on the subject of Godard…\nI love the last line of Breathless — it’s literally one of the best [representations] of the relationship between women and men. He was also very aware of how people viewed his films, and that film in particular. Everyone was thinking, oh, I’m cool, because I like this, and it’s like, “What does ‘bitch’ mean?” [Laughs] That’s kind of the conflict. I love that.\nBreathless is definitely what got me into Godard. You can’t really be influenced by Jean-Paul Belmondo though, because he’s too cool — so there’s no point in me trying to be like him! Randle McMurphy, you can kind of wear his clothes. [Laughs] It’s quite easy to find them. But if you wore Belmondo’s clothes, you’d look like an idiot.\nBut even he’s trying to be someone else — he’s trying to be Bogart.\nHe’s not really — he’s cooler than Bogart! [Pattinson imitates Belmondo’s signature move, brushing his thumb over his lips.] That’s like the coolest thing! Another film, Pierrot le Fou — I did everything from those movies. These stupid, random things, like when he says, “Can I get two beers?” And she’s like, “Why?” “I want to have one when I finish the other one.” I was like, that’s so cool! I have to do that all the time! There’s this stupid thing from Arizona Dream, with Vincent Gallo and Johnny Depp, where Vincent Gallo does this thing, [in Gallo’s American accent] “Two shots, two beers.” So every time I buy drinks, I go “Two shots, two beers!” I love that film so much.\n\n\n\nCorky Romano (2001, 5% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nCorky Romano. I love that film. Literally, that’s one of the only films I’ve pissed my pants at. Like, I actually pissed my pants. The first time I was in L.A. I was watching it on TV. The scene where he’s on coke…was literally the only thing that they advertised, it was like the only point of the whole movie! I love that character. I love how Chris Kattan just stripped his whole career in one movie. The only guy off Saturday Night Live who just messed it up! It’s like, what happened? The only guy. That’s why I think it’s so great.\nI also love the behind-the-scenes stuff on the DVD where none of the crew are laughing; the director’s [hiding] and he’s telling Chris Kattan, “Just do something funny, just make Chris Penn laugh,” and none of the crew think it’s funny at all. And you can tell Chris Kattan is just freaking out. Also, he had that vein, which I have [Pattinson points to his forehead] which pops out of his head. I can really relate to him.\n\n\nivan’s xtc. (2002, 75% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nA film called ivan’s xtc. It’s a Danny Huston film. That’s what I’ve been watching obsessively recently. It’s amazing; Danny Huston should have gotten nominated for an Oscar for it. It’s about an agent in Hollywood, and it’s kind of a dumb movie before Huston comes in, and then literally is the best example of one performance elevating a movie. It was shot on digital video; it’s all improvised. Just having him there, he’s literally this — I don’t know, I can’t even describe it. I’ve never seen a performance like it. He’s flawless. And if you’ve ever met an agent, ever…\n\nCheck out more info on Robert Pattinson here, and view pictures and trailers from Twilight. Twilight opens nationwide this Friday, November 21.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Chuck Palahniuk, Kevin Smith, Guillermo del Toro, and Judd Apatow.\n\nPrimarily known for co-founding Pixar and revolutionizing the animation\nmedium after directing Toy Story (along with its sequel, A Bug’s Life, and Cars), John Lasseter\ntook over the wheel at Disney animation studios’ as their Chief Creative\nOfficer, entrusted with reversing the tide of their direct-to-DVD sequelitis and diminishing impact on feature animation. So it’s probably no coincidence\nthat Bolt, Disney Animation’s first Certified Fresh feature in over six\nyears, is also their first to have been fully supervised by Lasseter. Starring the voices of John Travolta and Miley Cyrus,\nBolt (opening today) centers around a thespian dog who, with the help of a\nworld-weary cat and a fanboy hamster, explores America beyond the confines\nof his TV set.\nWe spoke with Lasseter in his Burbank office for his five favorite\nmovies of all time. He agreed to list them but with one request: “In a John\nLasseter top five, I would put a short in front of each of these. Typically,\nthese are Chuck Jones shorts. Can’t have a top five without having the\nshorts.”\n\nDumbo (1941, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nDumbo is my favorite movie of all time. A remarkable motion picture. Just over 60 minutes, it’s so tight in terms of storytelling. It’s like [snaps fingers]. When you have kids and you watch\nDumbo, it really nails you because there’s that “Baby Mine” sequence. I like [Dumbo] because it’s the most cartoony of Disney features. I like it because the main character doesn’t talk. Such a wonderful film. It is very funny.\nGreat music. It also really moves you. It has a really huge heart. Walt Disney always said that for every laugh, there should be a tear. I live by that.\nLasseter’s bonus short: \nRabbit Seasoning\n\nStar Wars (1977,\n95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nProbably everybody has that on their list. [Star Wars] came out and I just finished my sophomore year at CalArts. The May of ’77, saw it opening weekend at the Chinese Theatre. It worked in so many ways, but one of the things personally [that] was so inspiring [was] how it entertained an audience to a new level. I was there with a packed audience. I waited six hours. Towards the climax, when Luke is in the X-Wing and he’s going down the trench, I was just shaking I was so excited. And I’d never seen an audience so excited. First of all, it was everybody, from kids to adults, teenagers. Everybody was going crazy for this film. The quality of the storytelling, where it’s one foot in sort of the past and one foot in the future, I was so impressed by that. I came out and said, “That’s what I want to do with animation.” Many of my friends left animation [because of\nStar Wars] and went to actual special effects. At that time, animation was thought of just for kids. I saw this and said, “No, no, I want to entertain audiences.” That’s all I think about when I make my movies.\nBonus short:  \nWhat’s Opera, Doc?\n\nSullivan’s\nTravels (1941, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI saw this for the first time at CalArts [and] since then I’ve become a big fan of all Preston Sturges films. Again, I [had] already chosen what I wanted to do for a living but [this] story touched me so deeply.\nHere’s a guy who makes comedies during the Depression and he’s so isolated in Hollywood [that] he sets out to learn what’s going on with people. He becomes a hobo. And he ends up way in the South and [is] put into this work prison. And everyone in Hollywood believes that he’s dead, that a hobo stole his coat and was killed by a train. And so he’s there and [he can’t] get word back that he’s still alive. It’s a horrible situation. For Christmas Eve, at the depth of his misery, a black church in the segregated South invites all the prisoners out. And they sit there and what they watch is a Pluto cartoon. It’s the famous scene of Pluto getting the flypaper stuck on him and he can’t get it off. And [the audience] starts howling with laughter. Howling with laughter. People who you wouldn’t think would still have laughter in their bodies. And Sullivan came out of this and gets back to Hollywood and everyone’s like, “Oh, you had this horrible situation, you must make a great drama.” And he goes, “No, I’m going to make a comedy. Because that’s what the world needs.”\nBonus short: \nA Bear for\nPunishment\n\nMr.\nDeeds Goes to Town &nbsp;(1936, 93% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThis is between Frank Capra’s It’s a Wonderful Life and\nMr. Deeds Goes to Town. Hmm, I’m going to go with Mr. Deeds. Gary Cooper, Jean Arthur. It’s just an amazing film. It’s very funny. Longfellow Deeds is the main character, Gary Cooper plays him and he’s so appealing. I think it’s the definition of appeal.\nSo Longfellow Deeds is this guy who lives in this tiny town, he’s makes a living writing greeting cards. Just a sweet guy. There’s a distant relative who’s this gigantic millionaire. Has a huge fortune. So this industrialist dies in New York City and they trace [him] down, he’s the only heir to this huge fortune. So they bring him to New York and now he runs this company. [But] this really ace reporter for the local paper wants to get the dirt on him, and [she’s played by] Jean Arthur. So she waits for him to come out and she acts like she’s starving, like she’s a homeless woman during the Depression. So he picks her up and feeds her some food and they start doing things together. And he absolutely falls in love with her. But, so, there’s all this dirt that’s coming out in the newspapers and they don’t know how it’s happening. But the scene…it starts very funny, but, again, it’s that heart, it’s balancing humor and heart that Frank Capra did so well, the scene in which he finds out the woman he’s fallen in love with is actually the one who’s doing all the dirt is one of the most emotional scenes in the film. And it’s so underplayed. So beautifully underplayed. He gets behind this column but you know he’s crying. And he can’t bear anyone to see him. It’s so incredibly moving and touching.\nBonus short: \nRabbit of\nSeville\n\nThe General (1927,\n91% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m going to choose Buster Keaton’s Steamboat Bill Jr. It\nwas either Steamboat Bill Jr. or The General. You know, let me change it to\nThe\nGeneral. Love the train. Anyways, Steamboat Bill Jr.-slash-The General. It’s\nabout Buster Keaton. He was one of the great inspirations in my career, my\nlife, in studying his works. He’s like a human cartoon character. But, more\nimportantly, he developed character and personality. These films are so\nappealing because of the personality of the characters he created. His comic\ntiming is staggering.\nBonus short:  \nZoom and Bored\nCheck out more info on John Lasseter\nhere, and view pictures and trailers from\nBolt. Bolt opens nationwide\ntoday.\n\n\nJohn Lasseter accepting a Certified Fresh award.\n\n&nbsp;\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, Guillermo del Toro, and Judd Apatow.\n\nBritish actor Jason Statham has made a career of reviving a forgotten genre – that of the ultimate “guy flick” – by blending the ultra-cool masculinity of Steve McQueen, the physicality of 1980s action stars, and a post-modern, knowing slyness that belies the otherwise B-movie nature of many of his vehicles (all of which often make him the most engaging element of his own films). This week Statham returns to one of his best-known characters in Transporter 3: Frank Martin, the black market driver with a “no questions asked” policy and a knack for kicking ass without leaving so much as a wrinkle on his tailored designer suits.\nWhile the first Transporter film (2002) was directed by acclaimed martial arts choreographer Corey Yuen, French director Louis Letterier took the helm for its follow-up, Transporter 2 (2005). This week newcomer Olivier Megaton takes the wheel for a bigger, faster Transporter 3, with Yuen returning to choreograph a leaner (and often shirtless) Statham in the film’s impressive action sequences.\nRotten Tomatoes spoke to Statham about his favorite films of all time, which surprisingly include a few Paul Newman classics and unsurprisingly include a Bruce Lee film. As our conversation continued, we also discussed the different feel of Transporter 3, Corey Yuen’s diminished role in the film’s action scenes, and his recently announced film, The Expendables, in which he’ll star with action legends Sylvester Stallone (who will also write and direct) and Jet Li.\n&nbsp;\n\nCool Hand Luke (1967, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI saw it years ago, when my mom and dad made me watch it. And I was like, “This guy [Paul Newman] is just the coolest dude ever.” He just had such charisma. It just really spoke to me, and it’s one of those films I can watch time and time again. Paul Newman! It was like, Oh my God, look at this guy, he’s so cool! It was pretty much the first time I saw Paul Newman and I’ve been hooked on most of his movies ever since.\n\n\nThe Godfather (1972,\n100% Tomatometer), The Godfather Part II (1974, 98%)\n\n\nIt’s just quality at its best. Fantastic writing, an amazing caliber of acting; just beautiful, everything about it. The details of the clothes, the sets — just a masterpiece. Again, I can watch any of the trilogy time and time again. [RT: Even Godfather 3??] Well…(laughs) Listen, the first two are so good.\n\n\nButch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969, 90% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nAnother favorite movie is Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Again, I can watch that movie a hundred times and never get tired. I think the pairing of Redford and Newman is amazing. Paul Newman and Robert Redford are just so good.\n\n\nThe Sting  (1973, 91% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThe Sting. I have a lot of Paul Newman films, don’t I? But they’re so good!\n&nbsp;\n\n\nEnter the Dragon (1973,\n97% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nIf we want to talk about the movies that have made an impact in what I do in the action realm — Bruce Lee in Enter the Dragon. I’ve watched that countless times. That is a standalone pioneer in action movies, and anyone that was inspired by Bruce Lee…I’m sure everyone that has ever done an action movie has just drooled over how full of talent Bruce Lee was, and how unique he was.\n[On the first time he saw Enter the Dragon]: I was a kid; my brother had posters of Bruce Lee on the wall. My brother’s you know, punching me and he was a lot bigger than me; I was like, what? I couldn’t see the movie, I was tiny. But as soon as I was able to steal the VHS and stick it in, it was like, Gee, this guy is just…so avant-garde, he’s years above, so far ahead of his own time. So that made a massive impact in my life.\n\nNext: Jason Statham on Transporter 3, Corey Yuen’s diminished involvement, and his plans to team up with Sly Stallone and Jet Li.\nI hear you visit Rotten Tomatoes…\nJason Statham: Sometimes, yeah! You’re making all these films, and sometimes – hey, listen, it can be quite depressing or it can give you a big head for all the wrong reasons. So I don’t know whether it’s a good thing or a bad thing, but sometimes you spend so many hours making these films…people are going to give an opinion on them, and everyone’s entitled to an opinion. There’s always good and there’s always bad. So it’s best not to take it too seriously, but at the same time it’s nice to know people support what you’re doing, and at the same time you also get the ol’ custard pie. “That was a piece of crap!” But at the end of the day, no one tries to make a bad movie. And people really do work hard. And there are a lot of people involved. And sometimes it doesn’t end up the way it was supposed to end up. So to think that some people just say, “Well that was a piece of shit…” It’s quite harsh when you read that. But at the end of the day, it’s just us trying to do good.\nAnd you’re just a part of the whole picture…\nJS: Yeah, you’re not solely responsible for the finished product. But it is what it is; people like feedback.\nThe Bank Job got great reviews.\nJS: I know! I was like, hey, somebody likes a movie of mine!\n[rtimage]MapID=1197818&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=12&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]You mentioned how influential Bruce Lee was to you; in many of the scenes in your movies, but especially in Transporter 3, you seem to be going for such a precise physicality that is reminiscent of Bruce Lee’s lightning-quick moves and poses.\nJS: Oh, God. Bruce Lee was just so lightning-fast. People try to emulate him in whatever way they can, but to try and do what he was doing…you’re just inspired by it; you’re not trying to say, look, I can do that. No one can do what he did.\nAnd Corey Yuen, by the way, is the one that creates all these sequences. [Yuen directed the first Transporter film, served as second unit director on Transporter 2, and choreographed the action in Transporter 3.] He’s ultimately responsible for those choreographed pieces.\nNow, Corey directed the first Transporter; the second film was by Louis Leterrier (Incredible Hulk). In the third Transporter, you’ve got a new director, Olivier Megaton. How different has it been working from movie to movie with these different directors?\n[rtimage]MapID=1197818&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=11&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]JS:  think it’s difficult, because this time the action sequences took on a bit of a different twist. Normally Corey Yuen gets to edit the sequences; because he creates them, he’s responsible for the snip, snip, snip, and puts them together in his own musical way. But this time, Olivier – who’s obviously the director – he wanted to give it a new twist, a fresh twist, and basically put them together in what he saw as the best way. It’s only down to individual taste, really. I don’t know whether it was better…I hope it was.\nBut Corey still choreographed the sequences?\nJS: Yes, but usually if you choreograph it, you usually edit it, too. But you know, Olivier has a very certain style of filmmaking, and it’s very stylistic and cool; I think he’s done a great job. But it is very different to the previous two. A lot faster; doesn’t have the silky-smooth feel. A little bit of timing was lost. But at the same time, some people like that; it’s a little more contemporary. It’s all about flavor, it’s all about what you like.\nCan you talk a bit about The Expendables, which was just announced?\nJS: Yeah, we’re gonna team up with Sly, who’s going to write, direct and star in The Expendables movie and I’m going along for the ride. With Jet Li as well! It’ll be a powerhouse combo – get out of the way, motherf***ers! (laughs) That’s what it should be called.\nWill you be fighting each other? \nJS: No, we’ll be on the same squad. There’ll be some ass to be kicked. I’m looking forward to it.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, Guillermo del Toro, and Judd Apatow.\n\nIn last August’s Traitor, Don Cheadle took on the challenge of tempering a Bourne-like action hero with the moral ambiguity of real world concerns: namely, terrorism and the Muslim identity. And who better to portray the conflicting identities of American spy and fundamentalist defector than the Oscar-nominated Cheadle, one of a handful of actors capable of sympathetically depicting such hot-button polarities?\nRotten Tomatoes spoke via email with Cheadle about his favorite films, his interest in Traitor, his thoughts on Darfur and more. Traitor is released on DVD December 19.\n“I don’t have five favorite films. My affinity for them changes as I change over the course of my life from child to student to professional to husband and father, etc. All the films that follow are not in any order nor etched in stone, but here goes.“\n— Don Cheadle\n&nbsp;\n\nCity of God (2003, 93% Tomatometer)\n\n\nToday, I’ll say City of God though that could change tomorrow. It is so special in its storytelling, a perfectly executed, beautifully shot, wasting nothing, brilliant acting, etc. What’s not to like?\n\n\n\nThe In-Laws (1979, 83% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt makes me pee with laughter. Peter Falk and Alan Arkin are a perfect combination and play off each other so well in this ridiculous movie. I watch it at least once a year.\n\n\n\nSounder (1972, 87% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnother film that I saw at an impressionable time in my life that served for me as a beautiful testament to the power of love in the face of absolute injustice and oppression.\n\n\n\nDr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb  (1964, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnother perfect film showcasing the brilliance of the one and only, never to be seen again talents of Peter Sellers. What a beast. Kubrick actually wanted him to play another character. I can only imagine what he would have done with that. I’m sure he would have crushed it.\n\n\n\nMan Facing Southeast (1986, N/A)\n\n\nIt’s a great meditation on how we treat and mistreat ‘the other.’ A magical, thought provoking film that I saw at a time in my life when I was questioning a lot of things about the nature of humanity and how we react when we come up against the unknown and unknowable.\n\n\nNext: Don Cheadle explains why he was drawn to Traitor, his thoughts on the future of Darfur, and one of his favorite performances.\n[rtimage]MapID=1192419&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=6&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nWhy was Traitor an important film to make in today’s political (and filmmaking) climate?\nDon Cheadle: I don’t know that I would use the word “important.” I leave that up to the viewer. It caught my interest because it dealt with a complex issue in a way that wasn’t as black and white as other offerings in the genre.\nThe world is a much more complicated place than it used to be, and film audiences have grown more interested in morally ambiguous heroes. Is that a good thing?\nDC: I think it’s good that people are more open to characters that are complicated, in a certain kind of film experience that is. I think people still want clear good guys and bad guys in the tent pole blockbusters but are more amenable to the grey areas. Most of us live there anyway.\n[rtimage]MapID=1192419&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=1&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nYou’ve helped to raise the issue of genocide in Darfur. Although there’s been an increase in attention on the region, the violence continues. What needs to be done there?\nDC: A lot needs to be done and hopefully with this new administration, more will be. We need to engage in a very robust and committed negotiation process that brings everybody to the table while also protecting the innocent as well as seeking justice. We need to be in support of the ICC [International Criminal Court] and get behind the indictments that the court has requested.\nWe fondly remember your guest starring role on “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air” as Will’s friend, Ice Tray. What role would you name as your funniest performance? What is your favorite early role? \nDC: My funniest performance…? That is a question for you. I don’t really like watching my own films too much. I had a very good time working on Rebound [The Legend of Earl ‘The Goat’ Manigault].\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, Guillermo del Toro, and Judd Apatow.\n\n\nNothing But the Truth director Rod Lurie (The Contender)\ntook a circuitous route to Hollywood — he was an army officer and an\nentertainment reporter before perching himself in the director’s chair. He’s\nalso an engaging conversationalist, full of insight on the key issues of the\nday, especially where the worlds of film, politics, and journalism collide.\nIn Lurie’s latest film, Nothing But the Truth, Rachel Armstrong (Kate\nBeckinsale), a reporter for a fictional Washington newspaper, is jailed after\nrevealing the identity of Erica Van Doren (Vera Farmiga), a CIA agent who’s\nmarried to a government official critical of a U.S. attack on Venezuela.\nArmstrong’s imprisonment takes a toll on her family life, while Van Doren and\nspecial prosecutor Patton Dubois (Matt Dillon) try to find the source of the\nleak. The film has a number of parallels to the real-life cases of Judith Miller\nand Valerie Plame, although Lurie says he was not trying to make a fictionalized\naccount of their stories. Rather, he wanted to make a thriller that examined the\npersonal toll on these two women.\nIn an interview with RT, Lurie not only waxed poetic on his favorite movies, he\nalso discussed his approach to melding fact and fiction, and bemoaned the\ncurrent state of the mass media.\n&nbsp;\n\nAll the\nPresident’s Men (1976, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nMy number one favorite film is All the President’s Men, by [Alan]\nPakula. All the President’s Men is a movie that has a very personal\nplace for me because it made me want to be a journalist, and then it made me\nwant to be a filmmaker. I think that it has a level of realism that’s really\nunparalleled in the world of thrillers which, inevitably, this film actually is.\nThere are moments of naturalism in it that are extraordinary. I remember there’s\none moment in it where [Robert] Redford is speaking to someone on the other line\nwho’s speaking Spanish. And he turns to the newsroom and says, “Does anyone here\nspeak English?” And then he laughs at himself and says, “I mean Spanish.” It had\nthis very real feel, and I asked Bob whether or not it was improvised. He said,\n“No, it was actually planned. It was in the screenplay.” And there’s that sort\nof attentiveness to human mannerism and the frailty of our diction is rather\nbeautiful in a film. It’s also supremely cast. There’s nothing about it I don’t\nlike.\n\n\n\nThe 400 Blows (1959,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nLes Quatre cents coups, better known as The\n400 Blows, a film that every man can relate to, because every man once was\na boy. It also bears the historical importance of being among the first films of\nthe Nouvelle Vague, along with Breathless.\n[The last shot] is one of the few freeze fames that I think really works in the history of\nfilm. When you do a freeze frame, you have the opportunity to find the exact\nshot that you want — no guessing. And [director Francois Truffaut] used it to\nthe full effect.\n\n\n\nThe Godfather\nPart II (1974, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI would say [I like it] more so than [All the President’s Men], because I sort\nof luxuriated in the ambition of it all: telling two stories simultaneous from\ndifferent eras. I don’t think that had ever been done before. It was also the\nfirst R-rated movie I saw. I saw that, and in the evening I saw Chinatown.\nSo I saw two R-rated movies when I was 12 years old. That was quite a Christmas\nvacation. I remember quite distinctly that my dad and I also saw The\nConversation, and we saw Lenny and The Towering Inferno.\nWe saw all five movies over that Christmas vacation. That was really great.\n\n\n\nPaths of Glory\n(1957, 92% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nBeing a military historian, I was really blown away by the depiction that\n[Stanley] Kubrick had of trench life. But more importantly, I was immersed in\nthe moral quagmire that Col. Dax, played by Kirk Douglass, experienced in the\nfilm. There’s a moment when somebody looks down at a cockroach and says, “You\nsee that cockroach?” He says something like, “In an hour, he’ll have more\nrelevance than I do.” And [another character] steps on the cockroach and says, “Not anymore.” Also, it was a very revolutionary shooting style that Kubrick\npresented, with his long tracking shots and his use of close-up wide lenses that\nI found very attractive. I first saw that film when I was a cadet at West Point.\n\n\n\n\nThe Taking of Pelham One, Two, Three (1974, 100%)\n\n\n\nAnd the final film, since you limited me to a mere fiveâ€¦ that’s always the\nbiggest battle, not what will be number one, but what will be the last film on a\nshort list, because, you know, I would want to throw Pan’s Labyrinth on\nthere, or City of God, or Annie Hall, or Crimes and\nMisdemeanors. What I’m gonna put on is The Taking of Pelham One, Two,\nThree. You want to throw on your list something that is perhaps would be\ncontrarian, or would be unusual. But to me, it’s the most entertaining crime\nfilm that I have ever seen. In a movie like that, involvement is the most\nsignificant aspect in determining whether or not it’s successful. And you’re\nsimply involved in this movie. It doesn’t have one movie star. There’s nobody\nparticularly handsome or heroic in the film. You’re dealing with Walter Matthau\nand Marty Balsam and Robert Shaw. To me, it’s a delight. It’s interesting\nbecause a remake of it is gonna be coming out, I believe next year. I don’t\nbegrudge them. I think it’s an absolutely appropriate film to remake. As good as\nit was, it can be given a modern sensibility that can appeal to modern\naudiences. \n\nNext: Rod Lurie talks about mass media, film distribution, and the politics\nof awards season.\n[rtimage]MapID=1202524&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=5&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nIt’s really interesting that you started off this whole thing with a\ndiscussion of All the President’s Men, because that harkens back to a\ntime when the general public thought of journalists as heroes, after Watergate.\nIn the current climate in which Nothing But the Truth finds itself, not\nonly are newspapers folding left and right, but there’s a general distrust of\nthe mainstream media?\nRod Lurie: I think there is a good reason for that. As\ncorporations started buying up newspapers and magazines and television stations,\nthe need for profit overwhelmed every other aspect of that business, which was\nnot the case years ago. The networks looked at news divisions as loss leaders,\nand they felt, “Really, no problem, as long as we got it right and we did well.”\nBut the need for profit has forced all of these organizations to get the widest\npossible audience that they can, and one of the ways to do it is to become\npartisan, to know that you’re gonna get all the Republicans to watch Fox, and\nthe vast majority of liberals are gonna watch MSNBC. As a result, this\npartisanship has created a bias in the news. That bias, then angers a gigantic\nsection of the population. It never was that Walter Cronkite had people who\nhated what he stood for. At the same time he was on, people didn’t hate John\nChancellor, or Harry Reasoner, or Howard K. Smith. But now, people really have\nanimus toward Sean Hannity on the right, or Chris Matthews, say, on the left.\nThey’re calling themselves journalists, and that’s not really what they are.\nThey’re just more politically–oriented Andy Rooneys. The bias has found its way\ninto the reporting of news.\nI’ll tell you what: I’m a lefty, so let me take away my own bias and attack\nthe New York Times for a second. If you look like something like that\nstory about McCain having a mistress, or maybe she wasn’t a mistress, or they\nweren’t sure what she was but they had to report somethingâ€¦In the old days, this\narticle never would have been published, because there wasn’t enough information\nto report what they said were the facts. In today’s world, in order to feed\ntheir liberal readership, they plastered it on the front page.\nIn Nothing But the Truth, there are a lot of parallels to\nthe cases of Judith Miller and Valerie Plame, but you twisted it a bit. When you\nheard those stories, what did you want to leave in, and what did you want to\ntake out when making this film?\nRL: Whenever you make a movie, when it’s done, as a\nfilmmaker, you never sit there and say, “Boy, I really got that right.” It’s, “Where did I screw up?” I’ve not confessed to anyone yet, but I really feel,\nafter having read a lot of reviews of the film — which have been overwhelmingly\npositive — but those negative ones, every one of them make objection to the\nfact that we have quote-unquote “gotten wrong” the Judith Miller sorry, or that\nwe have romanticized Judith Miller in some way, who by most people’s accounts is\nnot a glamorous figure. I never intended for this to be a roman a clef\nof Judy Miller versus Valerie Plame. What I wanted to do was to take their\nsituation and put completely different characters in it, and see how different\nhuman beings would behave in their situation. Of course, the story goes wildly\noff the Plame story. But I dug myself a bit of a hole having enough parallels\nthat some of the lazier critics or some of the critics who have a political bias\ncould use that against the film. It probably would have been wise of me not to\nmake it a CIA agent. I could have made it some other sort of national security\n[employee]. Maybe I shouldn’t have made her the wife of an ambassador. Most\npeople seem to seem to think it’s a high quality film, particularly for its\nperformances, [but] they’ve been sidetracked by [the facts versus the fictions].\n[rtimage]MapID=1202524&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=2&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nWith this film and The Contender, are you attempting to\nprovide a civics lesson — for lack of a better term — within the framework of\na thriller?\nRL: The answer to that is not just no, but unequivocally no.\nI don’t think I’m equipped enough to be giving anyone a civics lesson, or any\nkind of message. What I’m trying to do with both The Contender and Nothing\nBut the Truth is to try to find entertaining stories that could come out of\n“what-if” situations with regard to things that really happen in the world. For\nexample, in The Contender, a lot of people thought it was influenced by\nthe Monica Lewinsky scandal. In fact, it was influenced by me watching the\nClarence Thomas hearings and thinking, “Could you imagine if this person was a\nwoman, and this woman had to answer all these sexual questions, and how un f—-ing\ncomfortable that would be?” It would be outrageous. And I thought, “That’s a\ngood movie!”\nIn the case of Nothing But the Truth, its real genesis was I was\ngonna do an episode on a smaller lever of this for Commander in Chief.\nBut I was fired, and Steven Bochco came in and killed it. So I really wanted to\ndo a story of a journalist in jail for protecting their source. When Miller and\nPlame happened, I didn’t really follow their case, but I really wondered what\nwould happen if these were both moms, and their kids went to school together and\nthey had some sort of connective tissue between them. Once I started thinking\nabout that, the dominoes started falling into place. In fact, I wrote the ending\nfirst. I felt it was a very a very cool and interesting idea to put the lead\ncharacter into an impossible situation.\nAs someone who came out of the world of journalism, what do you think\nthe future holds for newspapers? \nRL: I think with the print newspaper business, it is\nempirically obvious that it’s going the way of a disaster. I’ve noticed Rolling\nStone has literally shrunk from its classic large size. The New York\nTimes has also physically shrunk, and there are layoffs left and right.\nIt’s really a shame to me, because in 30 years my grandchildren probably won’t\nknow what a newspaper is. It’s rather stunning, and not good for the\ndissemination of news, because there seems to be a less thoughtful and\ncalculated amount of research and investigation done by purely internet-run\npublications.\nNow, I love the internet. I’m on it all f—ing day long. I do read my print\nnewspaper in the morning, but all day long, I’m on the Internet. I love the\naccess to information, I like to be able to find anything I want, but there are\na couple things you don’t find that you’d be able to find in a print newspaper.\nA newspaper will run a lead story that will go 2,500 to 3,000 words filled with\ninformation. Being able to physically hold the newspaper and read it over a cup\nof coffee at a diner lends itself to that. Stories of that length just don’t\nappear on the internet almost ever. It’s kind of a shame; I wish both worlds\ncould coincide, but the internet has put a dagger in the heart of newspapers in\nmany ways.\nThe Contender came out at the tail end of the Clinton\nadministration, and Nothing But the Truth is being released at the end\nof the Bush administration. Are you optimistic about the current state of\naffairs?\nRL: It seems to me that even the people on the\nright seem to be watching Obama perform in the transition, and they’re putting\ntheir fingers on their chin and they’re saying, “You know, let’s give this guy a\nchance. Maybe there is something here after all.” I think there is a tremendous\namount of hopefulness. Now, I say this at the exact moment when the company\nthat’s releasing Nothing But the Truth, [Yari Film Group], last Friday\nwent into chapter 11 bankruptcy. And I’m seeing my own film, as far as the\nimmediate distribution beyond this qualifying run get obliterated. And I’m\nseeing almost everyone at the Yari Film Group being fired, and these are people\nI really like. And it’s all part of the economy that George Bush sank us into.\nI’m hoping the confidence that the economy that the world seems to have for Obama is going to help our economy. Too late for my film, but people are having\nfar worse problems.\nWhat is your next project?\nRL: Well, if I tell you, it’s gonna open up a line of\nquestioning that’s gonna take foreverâ€¦. I’m remaking Straw Dogs.\n[rtimage]MapID=1202524&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=4&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nWhat’s the new take, given that a lot of what Sam Peckinpah was doing\nin that film is very much of its time?\nRL: It was very much of its time, because it was about a\nliberal anti-Vietnam guy who goes into an Irish town where he discovers he’s\ncapable of as much brutality and violence as those who he’d had objection to. I\ncertainly admire Peckinpah’s movie, but anyone who watches it objectively — and\ncertainly if they take the mythology about Peckinpah out of it — would find it\nto be a film that’s more notorious than it is great.\nWhen you’re making a film, do you ever think of awards recognition?\nRL: I’ll be honest with you: the answer is yes, for Kate Beckinsale, and Vera Farmiga and Alan Alda in particular. I think the movie’s\nimpeccably acted. And in fact, both of them {Beckinsale and Farmiga] are both in\nthe mix; the both got nominated for the Critic’s Choice Awards. Here’s the\nthing: the awards at the end of the year are absolutely driven by the ability to\nfinance a very aggressive marketing campaign. In today’s New York Times,\nthe ad for Revolutionary Road runs six full pages. That must be\n$500,000 to $750,000 ad in just the New York Times. The truth is the\nYari Film Group couldn’t get anyone to see the film. What can you do when you’re\na tiny distributor with a high level film, and you’re sending out screeners, and\n[a critic] gets a screener for Nothing But the Truth, but at the same\ntime you’re getting Benjamin Button and Doubt and Revolutionary\nRoad and Slumdog Millionaire. These movies just have major\nfinancial clout behind them. I contacted about a third of the Broadcast film\ncritics just to make sure they were looking at the film, and almost everyone I\nspoke to said they had the screener but they hadn’t gotten around to it, which\nmeant they weren’t gonna see it before they voted. And I asked them just to look\nat the film, and they looked at the film and voted for the women. I feel that if\nwe had a little more marketing power, we would have been more successful,\nbecause I really do believe, as many of the critics pointed out, that Kate and\nVera are absolutely on fire in this film.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Don Cheadle, Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, and Judd Apatow.\n\n\nThanks to his powerful turn in Darren Aronofsky‘s critically-acclaimed drama The Wrestler, Mickey Rourke has become the year’s biggest comeback kid. It’s a story not lost on critics and pundits, who place Rourke’s washed-up ex-ring champ Randy “The Ram” Robinson among the year’s best performances; the tragic portrait of a proud man living in the shadow of his former glory has proven a much-needed career redemption for Rourke, for whom success had been elusive in the decades since Diner and Rumble Fish.\nMickey Rourke spoke with Rotten Tomatoes about his favorite films of all time, and also reflected on the great reception that The Wrestler (and his own performance, for which he’s received a Golden Globe nomination) has enjoyed. “It’s a movie I’m very proud of,” Rourke said. “It’s the best movie I’ve ever made, the hardest movie I’ve ever made. I think Darren Aronofsky is one of the best directors I’ve ever worked with. I’d put him right up there with [Michael] Cimino, [Francis Ford] Coppola and Adrian Lyne.”\nThe Wrestler is currently in limited release and is Certified Fresh at 98 percent on the Tomatometer.\n&nbsp;\n\nThe Deer Hunter (1978, 91% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThe Deer Hunter. I think the subject matter was very interesting. The way Michael Cimino works, he just got so much out of his actors, especially De Niro, Walken, and John Cazale, even secondary characters like the French guy in the movie. I’ve probably seen the movie 30 times, and you’re just on the edge of your seat the whole time, you don’t know what’s going to happen next. I think the interesting relationship that Walken and De Niro had with Meryl Streep is very complex. Really great movies are made out of special moments, and there were just so many moments in the movie, like when Chris Walken broke down when they were asking him his family’s name while he’s sitting in the window. I always remember that. The way that Bobby De Niro went back to rescue his friend. I think the movie had a lot of layers and a lot of integrity, and I think the love these men had for one another was so real you could identify with it. It was like going back to get your brother, you know?\n\n\n\nThe Godfather (1972,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI love the first Godfather movie, part one. And two. Another great director, Coppola. And then of course, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro. I had heard the stories about how they wanted a whole other cast, and Francis was under the gun and he rose to the occasion. He got great performances out of Pacino, and De Niro was unbelievable. All the secondary guys from Joe Spinell to Michael Gazzo. The casting was impeccable. He got a lot of great performances from people who were just getting into the business themselves.\nDuvall, everybody had so many layers. The performance he got out of Lee Strasberg, who never really did much acting in front of the camera. When I was in the Actor’s Studio, the only actor that Lee actually spoke to was Al, so [Coppola] used the relationship that the two had and that was quite interesting.\n\n\n\nLonely Are The Brave (1962, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nThere was a movie Kirk Douglas did that I loved a lot, Lonely Are the Brave. You’ll have to look that one up. I actually met him about 14 years ago, and he actually said that was his favorite movie.\n&nbsp;\nRT: Just like you have said that The Wrestler is your favorite movie of your own\n.\n&nbsp;\nMR: Hands down. It’s kind of nice being able to say that after so many years of my answer being: “I haven’t made it yet.”\n[Darren] surrounded me with a great stunt coordinator, and he took the time [for me] to put all the muscle on and to learn how to wrestle, and the scenes that he allowed me to rewrite.\nRT: Which scenes did you rewrite?\nMR: The scenes with Evan Rachel Wood and the speech at the end. Working with Evan, she’s only 21 and she’s just so f***ing professional. She’s so good and each take she got better and better. She’s probably the best actress I’ve ever worked with.\nRT: She’s tremendous for her age.\nMR: She’s tremendous for even beyond her age.\n\n\n\nOn the Waterfront\n(1954, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\n\nI really liked On the Waterfront, I have to put that up there. Those great scenes with Marlon Brando and Rod Steiger. Really great scenes with Marlon Brando and Eva Marie Saint.\n\n\n\n\nGilda (1946, 96%)\n\n\n\nThere’s an old movie that Rita Hayworth was in that I really loved because I thought she was just smokin’ in it. [Gilda.] She just reminds me of all the girls that I want to be with. It was a movie where she was driving all the men crazy. I was going crazy, too. [My] favorite female actresses: Rita Hayworth, Ingrid Bergman. And Evan Rachel Wood. \n\nFor the latest reviews, trailers, and news on The Wrestler, click here.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Don Cheadle, Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, and Judd Apatow.\n\n\nWriter/director David S. Goyer (Batman Begins, the Blade trilogy) has held close associations to the comic book genre — he’s currently awaiting the green light on his script for X-Men Origins: Magneto — but took a break from adapting superhero tales to write and direct an original horror story. The result is this week’s The Unborn, a PG-13 supernatural thriller about a doe eyed co-ed named Casey (Cloverfield‘s Odette Yustman) haunted by an ancient Jewish dybbuk, or demon.\nUnlike many contemporary horror films, The Unborn opts for old-fashioned suspense over gore and treads ground rare for its genre; twin studies, Nazi experimentation, Jewish mysticism and even the abortion debate pop up thematically throughout Goyer’s tale, which also stars Meagan Good, Gary Oldman, and Cam Gigandet.\nRotten Tomatoes spoke with Goyer about his other extra-cinematic influences, how he developed The Unborn through his own personal fascinations, and whether or not the film is meant to spark the pro-life vs. pro-choice debate. He also shared his Five Favorite Films, noting that his choices are ever-changing and perhaps surprising. “Those aren’t necessarily the kinds of films I might make,” Goyer explained. “But that’s okay — I think people are more complex. We’re not just little sound bites.”\n&nbsp;\n\nThe Man Who Would Be King (1975, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nWell, my favorite film of all time, period, is The Man Who Would Be King. John Huston, you know, based on the Rudyard Kipling story. Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer. First of all, I love Connery and Caine, and John Huston is probably my favorite old-time director, and I just love that movie from start to finish. I love everything about it — I can never get enough of it. It’s epic adventure, and I love the rogueish relationship between Connery and Caine’s characters. I think I was 13 or 14 when I first saw it. I watch it probably once a year — I love it.\n\n\n\nBeing There (1979, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnother one is Being There. Hal Ashby — that’s finally coming out on Blu-ray and DVD, so I’m very excited about that. That movie, I think, is just a really lovely, amazing movie. Peter Sellers‘ best movie by far, and Hal Ashby’s best, in my opinion. I think it’s just terribly funny and terribly touching, and…I don’t know. I love that movie.\n\n\n\n28 Days Later (2003, 88% Tomatometer)\n\n\n What else? 28 Days Later is one of my favorite movies — a horror film. Danny Boyle is probably my favorite director. I just loved how ballsy 28 Days Later was, from start to finish. He’s fearless, he’ll do any genre — “Fine, I’m going to do a zombie movie” — and just smack you in the face with it.\n\n\n\nPan’s Labyrinth (2006, 96% Tomatometer)\n\n\nPan’s Labyrinth is one of my top five. That’s just a perfect movie, a beautiful movie, and I thought it absolutely deserved to win Best Foreign Film until I saw The Lives of Others.\nRotten Tomatoes: Pan’s Labyrinth was made by Guillermo del Toro, who you’ve worked with. Were you able to see it before it came out?\nDavid Goyer: I just saw some artwork. He showed me some of his journals where he sketches, and told me a little over dinner one time, a year or so before he made it, but it’s kind of an impossible film to describe. I think everything he does is interesting, but it was hard to visualize until I’d seen it.\n\n\n\nThe Lives of Others (2006, 93%)\n\n\nI couldn’t believe I hadn’t seen it, and among recent movies, it’s probably in my top five as well. I couldn’t believe Pan’s Labyrinth got shut out, and then I saw The Lives of Others and was floored. I bawled like a baby at the end of that movie. Just staggering.\n\n\nNext: Goyer discusses his influences outside of film and how his creative process took him from twins to Nazi science to demons and beyond…\n[rtimage]MapID=1202166&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=8&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nRotten Tomatoes: You’re known for your love of comic books, and how it’s influenced your filmmaking, but I’m sure that’s not the only medium you love.\nDavid Goyer: Oh, no. I still read comic books, but they aren’t the only things. I’m a voracious reader.\nRT: What other kinds of art influence you?\nDG: Well, I like documentary filmmaking very much — I’m a big fan of that. Photography, modern art, things like that — I love to travel, so I like historical and cultural art. Just last year, I went to Vietnam and Cambodia for about five weeks and immersed myself in that world. In college, I minored in poetry, so I pull from all over the place.\nRT: One of the most striking aspects of The Unborn is how detailed it is, and how it delves into areas like Jewish mysticism, religion, and other layered themes that are developed.\nDG: Well, I like even my genre movies to have a lot of historical underpinnings and research. There’s probably a lot more in there than you might realize. I hope it catches that air of authenticity — at least it helps me when I’m writing. So even if the imagery isn’t explicitly stated, a lot of the imagery comes from [historical research] — like the dream where she’s on the ceiling and looking down on herself, that comes from the idea that in olden days, Jewish people believed that their souls would go wandering while they were sleeping, so when they woke up, they’d say a prayer like Jane Alexander does in the movie for being thankful that nothing sort of unwelcome inhabited their body while their souls were out wandering. So the imagery of that dream comes from that, and obviously there’s the subtext of this thing crawling into [Casey’s] womb…\n[rtimage]MapID=1202166&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=2&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nRT: It seems that a lot of what you explore in this movie comes from your own deep personal interests, such as the fascination with twins.\nDG: Sure.\nRT: Was it the same with Jewish folklore?\nDG: You know, it’s not like I was steeped in Jewish folklore. It started with the idea of the twins first, and that led me to researching heterochromia — the changing of the color of the iris — which is the condition that the lead character suffers from in the film, and that led me to the experiments that Dr. Mengele was doing in Auschwitz, which coincidentally also had to do with twins. That led me to the legend of the dybbuk, which in turn led me to all the imagery of the mirrors. So it wasn’t like I started off thinking I was going to make a movie about Jewish mysticism. I just kind of started with an idea, and started doing research, and let myself wander. One by one, the elements just sort of fell into place with one another. I was trying to see if I could kind of craft a new legend, at least filmically, because I don’t know that anyone had done a dybbuk story before, and it’s a different take on possession and exorcism. Ironically, most people’s perceptions of exorcism come from the Friedkin film, of course, but the tradition dates back five or six thousand years and actually originated in the Jewish faith, long before it started in the Christian or Catholic faith.\nNext: On dybbuks, Holocaust guilt, and whether or not The Unborn overtly addresses the abortion debate…. \n[rtimage]MapID=1202166&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=3&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nRT: Your characters talk about how the idea of demons —\nDG: Predates organized religion. Well, they would. I always thought it was funny that you’d hold up a cross and Dracula would shy away from it, because it seems to me that evil isn’t Jewish or Muslim or Christian. In fact, I had a character say that in the film.\nRT: There’s also the idea in the movie that younger generations are detached from their heritage, that Casey not only doesn’t practice the Jewish faith but also is unaware of the dybbuk that has cursed her family for generations.\nDG: Well, it’s a subtext. They’re detached from their lineage, they’re detached from their heritage, they’re detached from their families, and that makes them more vulnerable, because there’s not as much of a sense of community. It’s all subtext, but it’s in there, yeah. Absolutely.\nRT: What about Holocaust survivor’s guilt, and the idea that Casey now becomes responsible for setting right things that began so long ago?\nDG: Well, I could make a joke about Jewish guilt, but yeah, that’s in there a little bit too. The grandmother has survivor’s guilt, and she unintentionally passes it along to her daughter, who does the same to her granddaughter. I think there’s this sense that in reality, whether it’s genetics or learned behavior, that generations tend to pass these things on to successive generations, and whether we know it or not, we’re often dealing with things that happened three or four generations prior to us. Hopefully, people will watch the movie and it’ll make them think about these things in different ways.\n[rtimage]MapID=1202166&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=6&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nRT: Another underlying theme that persisted for me was the question of whether this is a pro-life or pro-choice film.\nDG: It isn’t meant to be either. I mean, you know, it’s funny that a very small percentage of the audience when we were testing it — we’re talking three or four people out of 500 — would say either “this is a pro-choice film” or “this is a pro-life film.” It’s not really either, and I don’t mean to make an overt political statement there. Obviously, people are going to imbue it with whatever their specific belief is, but in the same way, some people were saying that The Dark Knight was a Republican apology, and some were saying it was an anti-Bush film. Both sides were sort of claiming it for their own.\nRT: Well, I think you’re in the clear, because at different times I thought it could possibly be either a pro-life or a pro-choice film.\nDG: I try to walk that very thin line, so good.\nFor the latest reviews, trailers, and news for The Unborn, click here.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Mickey Rourke, Don Cheadle, and Robert Pattinson.\n\n\nThough his first film, Shallow Grave, brought Danny Boyle to the attention of the film savvy, it was his 1996 adaptation of Irvine Welsh‘s Trainspotting that made his name as an internationally renowned directing talent. From a budget of $3.5m the film grossed $72m worldwide, and won critical praise the world over, currently sitting at 88% on the Tomatometer.\nMany trailers and posters for his subsequent work tout it as being “from the director of Trainspotting,” but Boyle’s drive to deliver fresh and eclectic cinema will be a surprise for anyone expecting a redux of that film. His follow-ups have run the full gamut; from bleak sci-fi to zombie horror, through spiritual romantic comedy and traveller thriller. If there’s one thing Boyle’s not, it’s predictable.\nIndeed, his most recent previous outing was 2007’s Sunshine, about a crew of astronauts in the not-too-distant future who are on a mission to reignite our dying sun. But it’s a far cry from his new film, Slumdog Millionaire, a fantastical romance set on the streets and in the television studios of India. The story of a young boy’s tragic upbringing in the slums and his appearance on India’s version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire?, it’s already attracting awards by the bucketload.\nAs you’d expect from his body of work, his five favourite films are diverse and disparate. “I’ve got an odd list,” he told RT. “Things like your ‘top films’ or your ‘top end playlist songs’ — these are the things that keep me awake at night. I watch all of these films through the director’s eyes, and I’ve watched them multiple times — well, except for The Bicycle Thief — to try and bow down and learn.”\n&nbsp;\n\nApocalypse Now (1979, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAlways, and always number one for me in every list is Apocalypse Now. There are lots of reasons. It’s imperfect; which every film should be. I love action movies. I believe in motion, in the motion picture industry. And Apocalypse Now is the ultimate action movie.\nFirstly, it’s the only period film you’ll ever watch where nobody ever says it still ‘stands up after 30 years.’ Every other film — like Alien, and I’m a huge fan of Alien, I even did some promotion for it when they re-released it — the main thing you say are phrases like “Even after 25 years it still stands up.” You never have to use that (phrase) for Apocalypse Now. Everyone always just says: “Wow.”\nThe second reason it’s the ultimate action movie is every time it stops moving it’s weird and unnatural and disturbing. Everytime it stops moving: they stop to collect mushrooms, they get attacked by a tiger; they stop and watch the playboy bunnies arriving; the boat stops and they end up shooting these people over a puppy in a little boat. And it stops, of course, with the ultimate stop: When he (Martin Sheen) meets Marlon Brando, Colonel Kurtz at the end. You can tell by how unnatural the stops are, how natural an action movie it is.\n\n\n\nThe Bicycle Thief (1948, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nTo my everlasting shame — the film is so good I hate to admit to it — I never watched it until last Saturday because I was in Italy promoting Slumdog and they loved Slumdog and I felt abject because I hadn’t seen The Bicycle Thief. Nobody asked about it but I ran out and got it the Saturday following. It’s the most beautiful film.\nDo not be put off by the fact it’s black and white or in Italian. It is the most beautiful film about a father and a son than I’ve ever seen.\n\n\n\nWallace and Gromit – The Wrong Trousers (1993, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m a huge, HUGE fan of animation — and that sequence at the end, when he’s on the little mini train, is even better action than Apocalypse Now. Nick Park is one of the most underrated action directors in the world. If he weren’t only interested in doing Claymation they’d have him doing every action movie. That is the best action sequence I’ve ever seen in a film. Talk about breathless action! And with the multi, multi, multi-millions of dollars spent on explosions — nothing is as great as that action sequence on the train at the end of that film.\n\n\n\nAu Revoir Les Enfants (1987, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nLouis Malle is one of the great, underrated French directors. That’s the best film I’ve ever seen about children. It’s a very, very adult film so of course you have to take the kids very seriously. What is it they say? ‘Kids are father to the man,’ or something like that. What you are is what you were, really. It’s one of the most beautiful films I’ve ever seen; one of the saddest, most moving, genuine films ever.\nAs a director I’ve done kids films — Slumdog has kids, and, I made a film called Millions — and it’s not easy to get kids to be good. You work hard at it. What is really difficult is to get every kid to be in the same film at the same time and I watch that film and every kid — and there’s a lot of kids in it, it takes place at a school — they’re all in the same film at the same time.\n\n\n\nEureka (1983, N/A Tomatometer)\n\n\nI can guarantee you this film isn’t on anyone else’s list. It stars Gene Hackman and it’s made by my favorite British film director, even more than Nick Park. He’s a guy named Nick Roeg, and he’s most famous, probably, for Don’t Look Now. Eureka is the film that probably ended his American career. I think it was a disaster when it was released.\nThe first half of this movie is as good as you’ll ever get in a movie. It’s about a guy who discovers, literally, liquid gold. He becomes the richest man in the world and the man who has everything and the man who has nothing. The second half of the film is a trial and takes place in a courtroom and that part doesn’t work as well, which is what probably led to it being a flop, but the first half is as good as it gets.\nAnd I love Nick Roeg. He’s idiosyncratic, highly individual and yet for a ten year period he was working in the studio system with big stars like Gene Hackman. Hackman’s never been better. People say “Hackman” and think of The Conversation but he’s never better than he is in Eureka. If you can imagine a man who has everything and he (Hackman) just plays it as a guy who has nothing.\n\n\nSlumdog Millionaire opens today in the UK and is out now in the US and Australia. And come back, because RT will have more from Danny Boyle later.\n\nAfter a successful run of studio comedies (most recently, 2006’s Beerfest), the Broken Lizard gang is returning to their indie roots with the self-produced Slammin’ Salmon, a restaurant-set comedy co-written by and starring all five members (and directed by Lizard and first-time helmer Kevin Heffernan). Rotten Tomatoes caught up with the Lizards en route to Park City, Utah, where they’ll premiere Slammin’ Salmon at the Slamdance Film Festival, to find out their 25 Favorite Films of all time!\n[rtimage]MapID=10009558&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=1&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nThe members of Broken Lizard (Super Troopers, Club Dread, Beerfest) — also known as Steve Lemme, Erik Stolhanske, Jay Chandrasekhar, Kevin Heffernan, and Paul Soter — have been friends since their college days, and it shows; when RT sat down to chat with the Lizards about their favorite films, they chimed in over one another with their favorite movie quotes, recollections of man dates past, and of course, plenty of good natured jabs. Slammin’ Salmon, in which a heavyweight champ-turned-restaurateur (Michael Clarke Duncan, letting loose) pits his wait staff against each other in a Glengarry Glen Ross-style contest, marks the Lizards’ return to independent film; they hope to land distribution after their premiere at Slamdance. (And in case you’re wondering, having come face to face with Super Troopers fandom at a live, Rocky Horror-style version of the flick, they are indeed in the scripting phase of Super Troopers 2.)\nBelow, get to know your favorite Broken Lizards as we hear each member’s five favorite films — making this a very special installment of RT’s 25 Favorite Films with Broken Lizard.\n\n&nbsp;\nSteve Lemme\n&nbsp;\n\nJaws (1975, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nMy favorite film of all time is Jaws, for a number of reasons. I think it’s a perfect film; everything about it works. Obviously, the music — there are not many theme songs that actually elicit an emotion. From the floating barrels, the scene where Sheriff Brody’s on the beach, and stuff keeps blocking his view while he’s trying to see what’s going on and you’re in the audience [cringing]…additionally, my dad took me to see it in the theater when I was seven; he’s from Argentina and I guess he didn’t understand the rating system. The R rating meant nothing to him at the time. He bought me a Jaws movie poster afterwards and I stuck it in my bathroom and shut the door, and I didn’t open the door again for two years. I thought that when I opened the door, water and a shark would come pouring out and eat me. For the longest time, I couldn’t go in swimming pools.\n[Editor’s note: Jaws is actually rated PG.]\n\n\n\nBraveheart (1995, 76% Tomatometer)\n\n\nNumber two is Braveheart. I choose that as my second because I didn’t sleep that whole night, I was up for 24 hours after seeing it because I couldn’t believe they killed Braveheart at the end.\nRT: Movies really mess you up, don’t they?\nErik Stolhanske: You refer to being thrown out of a castle window…\n[Pause. Stolhanske “raises the roof.”]\nLemme: That’s a very inside Braveheart joke. And yes, Stolhanske raised the roof, and his face is turning beet red. Braveheart is both a love story and an action movie…and at any moment I thought they were going to rescue him and they never rescued him. Same with his wife: Okay, they’re not gonna cut her throat, they’re not gonna cut her throat — WHOA! They cut her throat! She’s scanning the horizon for Braveheart, any second now Braveheart’s going to come save the day…it’s awful.\n\n\n\nThe Matrix (1999, 86% Tomatometer)\n\n\nNumber Three would be The Matrix; I saw it opening day, Friday morning at 10 a.m., then saw it in the final screening that day, and four more times in the theater. It’s just an amazing movie.\n\n\n\nGrease (1987, 83% Tomatometer)\n\n\nNumber four would be Grease, which I saw ten times in the movie theater [and recently]; Paul [Soter] had never seen it, so we went to a revival when it came out again.\nPaul Soter: I had never seen it! I had three older sisters, so I was like eh, girl movie. But Lemme talked me into going, on a date. [Fun fact: three of five Broken Lizards named a favorite film that they’d seen on a man date with Soter.]\nLemme: I went as the Fonz for Halloween one year and put Vaseline in my hair, which was a mistake, because it took like two months to get it out.\nJay Chandrasekhar: And he couldn’t go to the bathroom because of the shark to wash it out.\n\n\n\nThe Sting (1973, 91%), The Natural (1984, 83%)\n\n\nAnd Number Five is a tie [the other Broken Lizards groan]. It’s The Sting and The Natural. And that’s it.\n\n\nNext: Erik Stolhanske takes it back to the seventies… \nErik Stolhanske\n&nbsp;\n[The other Broken Lizards chime in with Stolhanske’s “favorite films”: “Steel Magnolias, Terms of Endearment, Fried Green Tomatoes, Rachel Getting Married, Tea with Mussolini…”]\n\n&nbsp;\n\nThe Wild Bunch (1969, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m going to start with The Wild Bunch. Peckinpah. I kind of like the anti-hero movies. I don’t like heroes, I like anti-heroes.\n\n\n\nFive Easy Pieces (1970, 82% Tomatometer)\n\n\nWhy Five Easy Pieces? Also an anti-hero movie. Jack Nicholson is not necessarily a likeable character, but you can’t help wanting to root for the guy. Especially at the end when he goes to the bathroom and hops in a truck and just takes off. For some reason you still like this guy who leaves his girl sitting at a gas station.\nLemme: And that scene in the diner, “stick the chicken between your knees.”\nStolhanske:“Stick the chicken between your knees.” Nicholson giving Sally Struthers the business.\nLemme: Sally Struthers naked!\nStolhanske: Wild sex, too. Bouncing off the walls.\nChandrasekhar: We stayed in Sally Struthers’ house when we came out to L.A. We were struggling actors and she let us stay in her house, for like a week.\n\n\n\nHusbands (1970, 57% Tomatometer)\n\n\nOne summer, they were doing a ’70s movie revival at the Film Forum in New York, and Soter and I would go see double features; you pay for one, you see two. All ’70s movies. It was great, so we’d go there all the time. One of my favorites was John Cassavetes‘ Husbands. That was a great, funny movie; first of all, it was cool because a lot of it was improvised. There’s Peter Falk, Ben Gazzara, John Cassavetes…one of their buddies dies, so they basically decide life’s too short and they’re going to go get drunk one night and reflect on life. So it’s one night of these guys going out and drinking, but then they end up going to London.\nSoter: What’s cool is that was our introduction to Cassavetes and the idea of movies like that, that are so cool and funny, but maybe warm and all over the place. That was the point when we realized that he made those really cool, guy movies.\nStolhanske: Yeah. I mean, it really seemed like they were actually sitting around a table and drinking and improvising these scenes. It felt incredibly naturalistic.\n\n\n\nBeing There (1979, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI love Being There — Peter Sellers‘ Being There. Big Peter Sellers fan, love Hal Ashby.\n\n\n\nThe Empire Strikes Back (1980, 97%)\n\n\nI think my last favorite film would be The Empire Strikes Back. Tough, between Star Wars or Empire Strikes Back, I love them both.\nLemme: Empire had more dangers. It had some cliffhangers, too. Han Solo going down — I didn’t sleep after that one. How do you end a movie like that? What a revolutionary ending for a movie.\n\n\nNext: Broken Lizard vet, first-time director and erstwhile Farva, Kevin Heffernan\nKevin Heffernan\n&nbsp;\n\n&nbsp;\n\nThis is Spinal Tap (1984, 96% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI think Spinal Tap is the funniest movie ever made.\n\n\n\nThe King of Comedy (1982, 92% Tomatometer)\n\n\nOne of my all-time favorite movies is The King of Comedy, which is a Martin Scorsese movie. I think it’s a very different movie — there’s so much great De Niro; it’s a different kind of character for De Niro, which I loved watching.\nLemme: I like how De Niro would study animals to research roles, and the animal he studied for The King of Comedy was the crab. If you know that, go back and watch him, and his movements are all symmetrical — he moves sideways.\n\n\n\nDr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nDefinitely one of my all-time favorite movies. Here’s the guy who directed Spartacus, and Dr. Strangelove is very different. It’s got great political satire, and at the same time that kind of crazy, great Peter Sellers comedy mixed together, which is really amazing. And it looks awesome.\n\n\n\nReservoir Dogs (1992, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI like that it’s very similar to Slammin’ Salmon, in the sense that it takes place all in one place. That’s what I loved about that movie. It’s so interesting the way they made it dynamic, and not boring, and it’s all in this one warehouse. I really loved that about it. It’s cheaper to shoot an indie film that way; what, did they make that for $2 million bucks or something like that? So it allows you to do a little bit more with the dialogue and characters.\nStolhanske: My favorite single-setting film — like Slammin’ Salmon — is The Exorcist.\nChandrasekhar: Oh! I thought you were going to say…Glengarry Glen Ross. (Coincidentally, the server competition in Broken Lizard’s Slammin’ Salmon bears a cinematic likeness to the plot of Glengarry Glen Ross.)\n\n\n\nBob Roberts (1992, 100%)\n\n\nI love that movie. Also a political satire, but done so well. Tim Robbins wrote, directed and starred in it.\n\n\nNext: Jay Chandrasekhar double dips with a few shared favorites\nJay Chandrasekhar\n&nbsp;\n\n&nbsp;\n\nReservoir Dogs (1992, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nReservoir Dogs, I love for the dialogue. I think it’s just unbelievably brilliant and funny. Original, and just strange — the little conversations between Joe and Michael Madsen when they’re in the office, and Chris Penn comes running in and he goes, “I see you sitting there, but I don’t believe it!” I just love every inch of that movie.\n\n\n\nThis is Spinal Tap (1979, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nSpinal Tap — I think you could make an easy argument that that’s the funniest movie ever. It’s just top to bottom quotable and brilliant, and I guess improvised? I’m curious to know how much of it was improvised. But it’s a tremendous movie.\n\n\n\n48 Hrs. (1982, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI think 48 Hrs. is the perfect tough, funny buddy movie. I think Eddie Murphy exploded off of it — he was on Saturday Night Live, but…in his intro when he’s singing “Roxanne,” and going to the hillbilly bar, and Nick Nolte being such a hilarious, racist prick. I loved it. “Sorry about the watermelon joke.”\n\n\n\nHalloween (1978, 91% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI think it’s the scariest movie I’ve ever seen. It was supposedly shot in Hattenfield, IL and I lived in a small town in Illinois. I just found it just horrifying. I still, to this day, find it incredibly horrifying; the music gives me the chills. The actual street, though is here in Hollywood right by our Blockbuster. So I always look down there. “I don’t see Michael Myers…”\nHeffernan: That’s when he’s at his most dangerous!\n\n\n\nBilly Liar (1963, 100%)\n\n\nThere’s a movie called Billy Liar that Tom Courtenay is in, which I saw with Paul. It’s this guy who’s a daydreamer, and the movie goes deep into his daydreams and it’s so hilarious and bizarre.\nSoter: It’s an older movie that is not dated at all, in terms of the comedy. I’m jumping in here because it’s on my list and I have to take it off —\nChandrasekhar: Ha-ha.\nSoter: Jay and I were like, they’re showing this revival of this old movie we’ve heard good things about, and we go and the both of us are screaming through the whole movie, laughing our asses off. I can’t believe it was made in 1963; it was such a revelation, the idea that a very British, black and white movie would feel very immediate and hysterical.\n\n\nNext: Last but not least, Paul Soter wraps up with his favorite flicks\nPaul Soter\n&nbsp;\n\n&nbsp;\n\nAirplane! (1980, 98% Tomatometer), Blazing Saddles (1974, 89%)\n\n\nI don’t know that any other movies — for me — defined what was funny, what comedy was, and how to be funny. Those movies, you get no break from jokes, you get no break from laughter, but they’re also engaging and have drama.\n\n\n\nButch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969, 90% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI remember Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid being one of the first movies I saw as a kid. So I’ll also always equate it with discovering what a movie was. Being a young boy, and here’s my introduction to movies — it still feels like the most gigantic movie in terms of how big and beautiful it was, and the cool factor. Two amazing guys to watch.\n\n\n\nBreaking Away (1979, 94% Tomatometer)\n\n\nBreaking Away is one of those movies that I can’t ever turn off. If it comes on and it’s halfway or two-thirds through, I just have to sit in front of it. I want that world to go on forever; you just wish that it didn’t ever end. I would love to be in this location with this people and it go on forever.\n\n\n\nCrimes and Misdemeanors (1989, 92% Tomatometer)\n\n\nWoody Allen movies — now, maybe because I’m older, the movie that I think is perfect is Crimes and Misdemeanors. It does actually have very fun moments, but it’s also got some really amazing, heavy, dramatic stuff to it. I think it’s the best blend of that comedy and drama.\n\n\nFor news and updates on Broken Lizard’s Slamdance adventure, follow the daily updates on their official site. Stay up to date on all the latest Sundance acquisitions, celebrity galleries, and news at RT’s Sundance Film Festival 2009 headquarters here.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Mickey Rourke, Don Cheadle, and Robert Pattinson.\n\n\nHaving established his name in the Spider-Man movies, these days James Franco is clearly making some more personal career choices. He was in three films in 2008, notable for their vastly different styles. His extended cameo as Richard Gere‘s son in the weepy Nights in Rodanthe, based on the Nicholas Sparks novel, was followed by two far less forgettable roles; opposite Seth Rogen in Pineapple Express (for which he received a Golden Globe nomination) and as Sean Penn‘s boyfriend in Milk (for which he has been nominated with the cast for the SAG ensemble award).\nHe says he signed on for Pineapple because it was a chance to work with Judd Apatow and company, whom he knew from his days on the TV series Freaks and Geeks. “We did a lot of goofing around in a kind of constructed way,” he says of the film. “It’s a lot of improvisation, just letting the camera roll and doing the scene over and over again and seeing what happens. And I loved that!”\nWhen asked to contrast the experiences on the two sets, he stops and thinks. “Milk had its own kind of looseness,” he says. “Gus Van Sant has his own approach, and there was the freedom to try different kinds of things. And Sean really encouraged that too. So it was somewhat improvisational, but what it did was to make the performances more natural. And it may be funny to say, but it was the same with Pineapple. I think that’s one of the things that Judd Apatow brings to comedies: there are wacky situations but it feels more emotionally grounded.”\nClearly this on-screen naturalism is important to him. He’s been studying film at New York University, and chooses five favourites that are all firmly rooted in authenticity…\n&nbsp;\n\nGimme Shelter (1970, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s just amazing. I’ve been watching all of the Maysles Brothers‘ films and I’m really into their approach, which they called “direct cinema”, and the whole school that came out of DA Pennebaker, Robert Drew and so on. I love the whole idea that life can be as dramatic as fiction. It’s very different than reality television, because that’s very manipulated.\nThe Maysles’ approach is minimal interaction and being as observational as possible. Gimme Shelter has such drama, and it’s so well-done. As are all of their films.\nI also love Salesman, which also proves that their philosophy can really work, because it just has these real Bible salesmen. But to me it has as much drama and tension as Arthur Miller or Eugene O’Neill – it’s like the Death of a Salesman and The Iceman Cometh all rolled together – but it’s real! I just can’t get enough of it.\n\n\n\nMy Own Private Idaho (1992, 85% Tomatometer)\n\n\nEven before I started acting, this was a very important film to me. Obviously I was really drawn to the performances and characters, but the whole film just kept bringing it back.\nGus has changed his style somewhat beginning with Gerry and all this Bela Tarr and Chantal Akerman influence, which I love too. But back then it was really about collage.\nIdaho actually started as three different projects – three scripts – through Orson Welles‘ Chimes at Midnight, which was a distillation of Shakespeare, and this other story about street kids in Portland, and then something else about a kid finding his parents in Italy. And then this whole narcoleptic thing that was influenced by George Eliot. He’s got all that just in the script, and then there’s the way it’s shot – he had two DPs, plus time-lapse for the cloud sequences and 8mm for the dream sequences.\nI love all of Gus’ movies. I think Drugstore Cowboy is a hilarious movie. I love how he can take a situation like that and make it funny. I think Matt Dillon gives one of the best comedic performances in that movie. Gus is taking a very personal approach in the film – from the look of Bob Yeoman‘s cinematography to the way Gus captures Portland on screen.\n\n\n\nThe Bicycle Thief (1948, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAll of my favourite films are approaching realism in a different way. This is Italian neorealism – obviously there’s a script and a story and everything, but it’s shot in the street and it has the feel of Italy, of being in the streets and, like Idaho, a deceivingly, simply constructed narrative. But there’s so much emotion that’s evoked from these very simple stories.\n\n\n\n4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days (2008, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAgain, a very simple approach, but there’s so much power in that film. You’re not quite sure what’s happening from the beginning, but you’re just kind of thrown into it. All you know is that these women have this mysterious meeting, and it takes you from there. The film gives you a great sense of what it was really like to live in Romania in the 1980s.\n\n\n\nThe Wrestler (2008, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI loved this film! I really like the films of the Dardenne Brothers, like The Child and The Son, and I’m sure The Wrestler was influenced by the Dardennes, especially in the beginning when the camera is following the back of Mickey Rourke‘s head through the hallways.\nI know Darren Aronofsky a little bit, and I remember meeting with him just when The Fountain was coming out, and he told me to look at the Dardenne Brothers because they were doing some really good stuff, so I know he’s a fan.\n\n\nMilk opens in UK on Friday and in Australia on 29th January. It’s out now in the US.\n\n\nErnest Borgnine is one of Hollywood’s most venerable character actors, with a career that spans more than five decades. To celebrate Borgnine’s 92nd birthday this week, Turner Classic Movies will air the interview special Private Screenings: Ernest Borgnine on Jan. 26, which will be followed by screenings of several of the actor’s greatest films, including Marty and From Here to Eternity. In an interview with RT, Borgnine shared thoughts on some of his favorite movies (and a few of his own performances that mean a lot to him).\nAfter a 10-year stint in the Navy, which included service in World War II, Borgnine turned to acting. He caught his first big break as a supporting player in the Best Picture-winning From Here to Eternity, and after a series of sharp secondary roles, he rose to prominence in Marty, the story of a lonely butcher who makes a connection with a shy schoolteacher. Borgnine won a Best Actor Oscar for the role (and he remains the oldest-living Best Actor winner). After Marty, Borgnine co-starred in a number of memorable films, including The Dirty Dozen and The Wild Bunch. At 92, he shows few signs of slowing down; Borgnine has a recurring voice role on SpongeBob SquarePants, and he picked up a Golden Globe nomination for his performance in the 2007 TV film A Grandpa for Christmas.\nIn addition to his favorite films, Borgnine discussed why directors were easier to work with in the old days, a hairy situation on location, and why there was no one quite like Gary Cooper.\n&nbsp;\n\nLife is Beautiful (1998, 77% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThat is such a beautiful picture. I like the acting, I like the premise, I like the genuine honesty about the whole thing. It was one of those joyous things; even when [Roberto Benigni] was riding a bicycle, he was enjoying it, you know? ‘This is life, this is exceptional, this is something good!’ It’s just so beautiful. And it’s from the head and from the heart, and that’s what counts. And to me, Life is Beautiful is a beautiful film.\n\n\n\nCitizen Kane (1941, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThere’s another one called Citizen Kane. Here’s a man [Orson Welles] who didn’t look back and read about [William] Randolph Hearst and say, ‘sorry, I won’t make it until [Hearst dies]. He said, ‘To hell with it. I’m gonna make it anyway. If you see yourself in it, fine, that’s too bad.’ And he made it! And it was true! And the way he made it, and the way he works…. Ahhh. I had the opportunity to meet him one time, and I said, ‘Mr. Welles?’ And he said (mimicking Welles’ baritone voice), ‘Orson’s the name, and if you don’t win the g-d—ed Academy Award for Marty, I’m gonna quit it altogether.’ He was that kind of a fellow. He was a good man.\n\n\n\nThe Good Earth (1937, 92% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThe Good Earth, with Paul Muni and Luise Rainer. What a piece of work. That to me is one you can watch all day long and not get tired of it. It’s wonderful.\n\n\n\nIl Re di Poggioreale (1961, N/A Tomatometer)\n\n\nThere’s one called Il Re di Poggioreale, The King of Poggioreale. It was called [Black City] in this country. The King of Poggioreale was one of [producer] Dino De Laurentiis‘ first pictures, and it was directed by Duilio Coletti. It was the story about a boot-maker in Poggioreale, outside of Naples. This cobbler, who was a complete nothing, a nobody, went on to become the big black marketer in Italy in World War II. And this actually happened. When people in Naples were starving to death, he managed to find food — steal it from the Germans, steal it from the Americans, steal it from anybody — to feed the people of Naples. And then, because of his knowledge of things, they sent him to the Vatican to bring back the jewels of St. Gennaro, who is the patron saint of Naples. And he went through the German lines, and came back with the jewels. Nobody ever expected him to come back. They said, ‘This man, he’s taken everything and run away with it.’ But he came back. And [the movie] actually showed what the people of Naples actually do today. One of the things about St. Gennaro is that they have his blood in what almost looks like a rolling pin. They roll it back and forth, and they move it back and forth, and it’s all dried blood. If there’s a good time coming for Naples, that blood will actually turn and become blood. In this picture, we took pictures of it — unbeknownst to anyone else — and you can actually see the blood flowing. It was a wonderful picture, and I played the lead. And I tell ya, I never enjoyed doing anything so much since Marty.\n\n\n\nMarty (1955, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI played Marty because I was Marty. I was the kind of guy that was a wall flower. I didn’t know how to dance. To get a girl — my goodness, that was beyond comprehension for me, because I could see myself being turned down and I wasn’t the kind of person that liked to be turned down, you know? Why bother to ask if you’re going to be turned down? So I never asked. That was it. But time went along and I went into the service, and I grew up. When I saw that script, I said, ‘My God, that’s me.’ I was very happy to do it, because it gave me the opportunity to play something that I could easily play, and I knew that I had in my heart exactly what happened.\n\n\nNext: Borgnine talks about his favorite actors, and recounts a scary moment south of the border.\nRotten Tomatoes: You’ve worked with so many of the greats, actors like Kirk Douglas, Spencer Tracy, and Burt Lancaster. Who was the best actor you worked with?\n&nbsp;\nErnest Borgnine:  It’s a tossup. One was Spencer Tracy, and the other was Gary Cooper. Now, people say to me, “Oh c’mon, he got it for saying ‘yup.'” (Editor’s note: Cooper was known for saying “yup” instead of “yes,” and it became a signature line for the actor.) Yeah? Watch him! He was so honest and true unto himself. This is what an actor is all about. And it’s true of Spencer Tracy, don’t get me wrong. But Gary Cooper was the kind of a fellow that, with a look, with a glance, with a touch of his finger — with just a little, tiny move, you could see what kind of an actor he was, because you felt it. You knew what he was going through. When he did [Meet John Doe], where he was gonna throw himself off that building, you knew he was gonna throw himself off! There was no doubt about it. He was that honest. He said to me one time when we were riding along in a car, he said, “You know, I sure wish I could act like you.” I said, “But sir, you’ve got two Academy Awards that show that you’re a good actor!” He said, “I got ’em for saying ‘yup.'” That was his excuse. But for me, every time he’s on the television, I watch him like a hawk, because he was so pure and honest it wasn’t funny.\nRT: Speaking of Gary Cooper, you were in Vera Cruz together, and I heard an anecdote about something that happened when you went to buy cigarettes on location in Mexico, dressed as bandits and wearing fake guns. Is that true? \n&nbsp;\nEB: Yeah! Charlie Bronson and I started off to get some cigarettes, and we were dressed up in costume, naturally. A whole truckload of soldiers went by, and we said, “Hola! Como le va?” Y’know? “Hello! How are you?” And we kept on, and all of a sudden we heard, “Alto!” Which means “Halt!” We turned around and all these guys had pointed pistols at us! We said, “We’re actors! We’re actors!” Oh, God, we were frightened! It wasn’t easy, I tell ya. We were going to get some cigarettes, that’s all!\n&nbsp;\n\nBorgnine (far right) in The Wild Bunch.\n\n&nbsp;\nRT: As someone who spent 10 years in the Navy, how many war films come close to depicting the experience in any real way? \n&nbsp;\nEB: I think The Longest Day was just about the best of ’em. Tora! Tora! Tora! was pretty good, but The Longest Day is just about the best of them, because it showed the guys trying to get up that cliff and everything else. It must have been hell. I wasn’t in any part of that, and I’m so glad I wasn’t, but I could just feel what those fellows were doing that day, and believe me, it wasn’t easy. And there’s Gary Cooper’s Sergeant York. He won the Academy Award for that one. Boy, what a piece of work that is.\nRT: Are there any younger actors whose work you admire? \n&nbsp;\nEB: The closest one that comes to mind — a wonderful actor — is Gary Sinise. What a great guy. What a wonderful person. Not only that, but I watched him where he took his band and performed for the troops overseas. I met him in person one time, and he said, “You mind if I come over and talk with you?” And I said, “No! C’mon!” It was the most wonderful hour you’ve ever seen in your life, and it passed like a minute. He can do no wrong, as far as I’m concerned. What a performance he did in Forrest Gump.\n&nbsp;\n\nBorgnine (center) in TV’s McHale’s Navy.\n\n&nbsp;\nRT: You’ve also worked with some prominent directors, like Sam Peckinpah, Nicholas Ray, Fred Zinnemann, and Robert Aldrich. Who was your favorite to work with? \n&nbsp;\nDG: Bob Aldrich. The Dirty Dozen, Emperor of the North, Flight of the Phoenix — he did it all. Believe me, working with him was like a dream. Delbert Mann was another one. When you worked with Delbert Mann, you got an acting lesson. He was wonderful. He didn’t direct you, he just kind of suggested things as you go along, and first thing you know, it’s the easiest thing in the world. I’ve worked with people who drum you over the head and then [they say], “Try it again. Try it again.” When I was working making pictures — real pictures — directors came on the set. They actually watched you on the set. They watched your expression. They watched everything. Today, they watch actors who insist on wearing dark glasses. You can’t see anybody’s eyes! And they watch all this not by being on the set, but by watching a little television set. And as long as it all fits within the allotted section of time, it’s like, “Hey, that’s it. Print it!” There’s no honesty. There’s no real feeling that goes beyond it, with the head and the heart and everything else. To me, my directors are always the man who leads the band, and I say, “Yes sir,” and “No sir,” and that’s it. I’m the only one who does it. Everybody calls him by his name, but I call him sir, because to me, he’s the director of the band, and when we’re off the stage, that’s when I call him by his first name, and that’s fine.\nFor Borgnine’s complete filmography, click here.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Mickey Rourke, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.\n\n\nGiven his filmography of stylized thrillers, Scottish director Paul McGuigan (Gangster No. 1, Wicker Park, Lucky Number Slevin) seemed a fitting choice to helm this month’s supernatural actioner Push, a Hong Kong-set sci-fi adventure about normal people endowed with super powers starring Chris Evans, Dakota Fanning, and Djimon Hounsou. Accordingly, one may be taken aback to hear that McGuigan names romantic auteur Wong Kar-Wai among his favorite directorial influences, but as he demonstrates in Push — which captures the vibrant streets of Hong Kong in lush detail, appropriately — McGuigan possesses a strong visual finesse that belies his history of making brutal crime movies and Hollywood suspense flicks.\nMcGuigan shared his Five Favorite Films with Rotten Tomatoes, which range from the above mentioned work of Wong Kar-Wai to UK family classics to the edgy work of Darren Aronofsky and beyond. Read on to discover the films most loved by Paul McGuigan, and learn what Hitchockian backstory he’s developing into a feature film.\n&nbsp;\n\nIn the Mood for Love (2001, 88% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s such a beautiful cinematic poem, I suppose. When I did Push in Hong Kong, it was a great pleasure to be able to shoot the film almost in the style of Wong Kar-Wai — just with him in mind, you know. Beautiful light, reds and greens. I actually stayed in one of the apartments in Hong Kong that he designed, which was nice. Lots of wallpaper. As a movie, you’re just so compelled by these two characters, and he only shows glimpses of them, yet they’re so compelling — which is a feat in itself.\nHave you taken any cues from Wong Kar-Wai in your overall directorial style?\nI’d like to think so. I would never compare myself to Wong Kar-Wai — that would be silly, that would be like comparing yourself to David Beckham. But I would like to make more work that has the kind of silence that he has, you know?\nPush isn’t quite that quiet film, is it?\nPush is really loud. There’s not much silence in Push. [Laughs] It’s a pretty cool movie; it’s not going to stretch you intellectually, but it’s definitely going to make you have some fun at the cinema. In a way, that’s as much a part of what I do as anything; just to entertain people. It was great for me to do something like this. I mean, imagine going to work and talking about f***ing floating guns, you know?\n\n\n\nChitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968, 59% Tomatometer)\n\nMy second favorite film is probably even more intellectually challenging than Wong Kar-Wai; it’s Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. I f***ing love that movie! I have two children; I’ve probably seen this movie, with each child, about 50 times each. And that’s no exaggeration. There’s nothing I don’t know about this movie. I once went to a meeting with an executive in Hollywood, and they asked me what I wanted to do. I said, ‘I’d love to do a remake of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang‘ — I was just making it up — ‘and I’d call it Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Boom,’ and he said that’s a great title! [Laughs] I was only kidding. But that’s a movie I really love.\nIn the UK at Christmastime, the girls would get The Sound of Music and the boys would get Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. It was that kind of thing, where every Christmas you would see it. So when I had kids, of course I put it on for my son and then he became obsessed with it. It’s the kind of movie where you never really get to the end; it’s so long, and the kids can only really wait so long. But the beginning of the film is like 20 minutes long, before anything even happens. It’s just the story of the car. It’s fantastic!\n\n\n\nThe Man in the White Suit (1951, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAlex Guinness, to me is — forget De Niro, forget Pacino — he’s the man. Alec Guinness is such a quintessential English actor, but he’s also a brilliant actor. He’s just the best. And The Man in the White Suit is just such a beautiful, charming movie. It’s about a man who invents a suit that you don’t have to wash. It’s a whole movie about it! It’s something that some of the more flamboyant directors should think about remaking. [Laughs] It’s about this guy who invents this material that keeps white all the time. It’s directed by Alexander Mackendrick, a fellow Scot, and the opening title sequence is amazing. Mackendrick is a brilliant director. I just enjoy his work; I enjoy the pace of his work. I think he’s really overlooked. He did The Ladykillers and Whisky Galore, and The Sweet Smell of Success. A lot of really cool movies.\nAlec Guinness, to me — forget Star Wars and all that — he’s just the best. And to work with someone like Alexander Mackendrick, who really understood what a story meant…it’s funny, because on IMDB the movie is listed as sci-fi. It’s not sci-fi, that’s ridiculous! It’s actually a very nice tale, about inventing the thing that nobody wants. Like a car that doesn’t need petrol. The thing that people don’t want because of the money [the auto industry] could make off of you. If you say hey great, I’ve invented this car that doesn’t need petrol, and then there’s a silence, and then there’s a gunshot, and you’re dead. It’s that kind of thing.\n\n\n\nRear Window (1954, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI love Hitchcock’s Rear Window. I’m actually developing a movie about Robert Capa, who was a war photographer that Hitchcock seemingly based the movie on. I used to take photographs; I was a photographer for many years, and I’m intrigued by this idea. I think it’s a wonderful idea about being a voyeur. He just watches his next door neighbors, and becomes convinced that one of them has been killed. It’s the idea of what you see versus what you really see.\nI loved making documentaries for that very reason; you just watch people, even after you’ve shot it. You go back to the edit suite and watch them, and you can understand when they’re telling the truth and when they’re lying. You get to know that stuff. It’s really fascinating — the idea that you can have a movie about something that might have happened… it’s a trick of the eye, or using the camera in a fascinating way. You’re using it to tell a story based on intrigue, and I don’t think I’ve seen that before, or since.\n\n\n\nRequiem for a Dream (2000, 78% Tomatometer)\n\n\nRequiem for a Dream is a really interesting film. It changed my idea of what people really wanted to see. Because I came from the UK, as a European film director, it was interesting to see how American studios or financiers were really into European cinema. They would always quote certain movies that I made that nobody else had seen — like Gangster No. 1. I was amazed, like, ‘Wow, you’ve actually seen that movie?’ And it dawned on me that people in America aren’t that dumb after all, you know? They’re kind of smart — much smarter than I was about movies. And when I saw Requiem for a Dream, I understood it. This guy got cash, he got money, to make this movie. It’s quite a hard movie to actually sell — can you imagine trying to sell that movie? And for that alone I think Aronofsky is a genius. I like what he does. I even liked The Fountain. The Wrestler is a great movie; I think Pi is a genius piece of work. I think he deserves a lot of praise.\nFor people like me, who come from Europe and go to America and think nobody’s going to know what I’ve done, I’m a struggling filmmaker, and then suddenly you go into a studio and the head exec is like, ‘Gangster No. 1, I loved that film, it had this and that person in it…’ They see everything. I was quite cheered by that.\n\n\nPush opens in wide release February 6, 2009. Click here for a full synopsis, photo gallery and trailers.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Ernest Borgnine, Mickey Rourke, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.\n\n\nAmerican audiences who know Jean Reno strictly from Luc Besson productions\n(The Professional, Nikita, The Big Blue, Wasabi) and\nsmart action blockbusters (Ronin, Mission: Impossible, The\nCrimson Rivers) will be surprised how little ass-kicking he does in his role\nas Ponton in The Pink Panther 2, opening this Friday. As family man\npartner to eternal-bumbler Inspector Clouseau (Steve Martin), Reno’s character\nis indeed one of the few to escape the mystery without slipping, falling, or\ncrashing into solid objects. But it’s representative of Reno’s career, a varied\nbody of work that frequently crosses over into video games, French slapstick,\nand romantic comedies that is rarely seen in the States. RT spoke with Reno\nrecently to get his Five Favorite Films.\n\nApocalypse\nNow (1979, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s like a surge of intimacy of human beings, you know? It is spectacular. It is well done, a lot of actors, and I like very much Coppola as a director. I like the performance of the main role, the guy…he had a heart attack. I don’t remember his name. Martin Sheen. I almost said Martin Short. [laughs] I like also the performance of Marlon Brando. I like it very much, that movie.\n\n\n\nTaxi Driver (1979,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\nIt was a shock, a real shock. The acting was so sincere, so honest. Brilliant performances from everybody, from Robert DeNiro and Jodie Foster. There are always good moments in the movie business, but that was a very intense moment in the American cinema. It was amazing to see those movies. \n\n\n\n\nLife is Beautiful (1998, 77% Tomatometer)\n\n\nA movie I like very much by Roberto Benigni. It’s a way of talking about a very serious matter through a comic form. A touching form. That was a new way of speaking of a moment in the history of humanity. Very painful.\n[Having worked with him on The Tiger and the Snow], Benigni is somebody who [writes] the script and he is somebody who [interprets] the script, but he will let you very free. He is not a dictator. Basically, he is a poet. Somebody who sees the world through his own eyes in a poetic way. [The Tiger and the Snow] is a movie I like because he wanted to talk about the war through his eyes, and it is a very honest movie. Very.\n\n\n\nIl Sorpasso (1954, Tomatometer N/A)\n\n\nItalian, a black-and-white movie. If you go to the internet, you can find it. Dino Risi movie, with Vittorio Gassman acting in it. And a French actor named Jean-Louis Trintignant. It is about somebody who is pretentious, who’s always speaking [loudly], always speaking about himself. And somebody in front who is shy. The story is about changing personality, and the moral of the story is, “If you want to change your personality, change with your own rhythm. Don’t try to imitate people.”\n[This was] reality because so many people try to imitate things that they have seen without any reasons inside themselves. They just want to imitate because they have seen that on screen or in a book. Instead of following their own rhythm, their own needs. I still remember that… long time ago. 30 years\nago.\n\n\n\n\n\nBeauty and the Beast (1946, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nCocteau, black-and-white, with Jean Marais. That was [a] way of telling stories…very, very [strangely]. I was very shocked because everything [becomes] possible [when] you can present your story in a poetic way. And the voice of the actor…\nWhen you are young, you understand [here] that even if you are not handsome, you can find love, because the girl loved the beast. [chuckles] It came maybe from my fears when I was young, not to find a girl, not to seduce. You know what I mean?\n\n\nThe Pink\nPanther 2 opens in wide release February 6, 2009.\nClick here for a full synopsis, photo gallery and trailers.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Ernest Borgnine, Mickey Rourke, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.\n\n\nAfter giving critically-acclaimed performances in Oscar-nominated films like Amistad, In America, Gladiator, and Blood Diamond, Benin-born actor Djimon Hounsou finally gets to play a villain in this week’s science fiction thriller, Push. Rotten Tomatoes spoke with Hounsou about his Five Favorite Films of all time and discussed the two-time Oscar nominee’s philosophies on the nature of acting, the perils of creating a signature style, and more.\nIn this week’s Push, Djimon Hounsou strikes a menacing pose as Carver, the ominous head of a secret government agency working to cultivate an army of telekinetics, psychics, shape-shifters, and others endowed with unique powers. It’s a bit of a departure for Hounsou, who came to attention as the leader of a slave rebellion in the Oscar-nominated Amistad only a little over a decade ago, but achieving variety, it would seem, is Hounsou’s intent. Read on as Djimon Hounsou takes us through his favorite films — classics of their respective generations — and shares his thoughts on filmmaking, acting and creative versatility.\n“I’d like to think that when a story changes, your vision changes.” — Djimon Hounsou\n\nRaging Bull (1980, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nWhat a scope of a film for Martin Scorsese. To really dig into the humanity of that character, Jake La Motta. And what a portrayal by Robert De Niro! What an amazing talent. How he was able to really touch into this organic moment…it was just unbelievable.\n\n\n\nLawrence of Arabia (1962,\n98% Tomatometer)\n\nJust the scope of the film. The journey the film takes, the journey the character takes. Doing that film today you couldn’t get your head around it — it was such a massive undertaking. It leaves so much room for imagination, to escape. I escaped with that film. \n\n\n\n\nThe Bridge on the River Kwai (1957, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI think it was a beautiful, well-told story. If you’re learning to know how to direct a film, it’s a great subject film to study.\n\n\n\nThe Usual Suspects (1995, 89% Tomatometer)\n\n\nObviously it has to do with the story and how complicated it was. [Bryan Singer] was an impressive young man, to be able to draw that.\n\n\n\nTaxi Driver (1979,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\nI thought its arc of character was beautifully captured. [Martin Scorsese] has got so many dramatic views — men fed up with life, the situation, the system. These days people are more experienced [as filmmakers] but we’ve just been poorly making movies lately. We used to tell beautiful, humane stories. We used to care about characters instead of just blowing some f***ing building down. \n\nNext: Hounsou talks about Push, as well as formenting a personal style in the movies.\nRotten Tomatoes: In Push, the government secretly trains people with a number of special powers, but the most dangerous ones are “pushers” — people who can make you believe lies are real. Are all the best actors really pushers of some sort?\n&nbsp;\nDjimon Hounsou: I guess you could look at it that way. But at the end of the day, actors are “pushing” themselves, not you; that belief makes you [the audience] believe. They don’t alter your thinking; they alter their own beliefs, embodying the life condition that they’re playing. They are convincing themselves, not you.\nAnd you, do you ever push yourself too far?\n&nbsp;\nDH: [Smiling] No. I’m not an actor who takes his bulls*** home. There are limitations.\n&nbsp;\n\nHounsou in Push.\n\n&nbsp;\nYour director, Paul McGuigan, was previously known for a few very striking movies, Gangster No. 1 and Lucky Number Slevin among them. Did you feel that Push would fit into Paul’s style, or do you resist the idea that filmmakers or artists can have a signature style?\n&nbsp;\nDH: I don’t know if it’s such a nice thing [to be thought of as having a signature.] It’s like a painter — where one stroke of a brush can be read into. In that sense, maybe. I like to think that moving to a new project, your style should change to accommodate the story. If it’s the same, you become repetitive with your style. Paul [McGuigan] is known for his visual interpretations, but I’ve paid attention to his directorial visions. I think of Push as an entity unto itself, completely independent of all other films. I’d like to think that when a story changes, your vision changes.\nWhen I spoke with Ed Zwick, who you worked with on Blood Diamond, he said he preferred to not be typed and to let a film speak for itself.\n&nbsp;\nDH: I certainly don’t see Zwick other than his great storytelling; I don’t want to pigeonhole him by saying I see the “Zwick trait.” I don’t look at directors like that. Hopefully we don’t all.\nYou’ve done historical drama, action drama, and now, sci-fi action. How do you strike a balance between the projects you choose?\n&nbsp;\nDH: I guess you could try to balance but at the end of the day you’re left to what’s available at the time. Some projects can be amazing, but they won’t happen until five years from now. You sort of have to surrender to the outcome of what’s present at the time, and hopefully choose one of the best and hope it creatively comes together.\nPush opens in wide release February 6, 2009.\nClick here for a full synopsis, photo gallery and trailers.\nWant more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Ernest Borgnine, Jean Reno, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.\n\n\nSuper producer Jerry Bruckheimer has earned a spot amongst Hollywood’s elite players by producing some of the most successful and bombastic films of the last three decades, from Beverly Hills Cop to Armageddon, to Black Hawk Down and all three Pirates of the Caribbean movies. (They don’t call him “Mr. Blockbuster” for nothing.) So what’s Bruckheimer doing producing this week’s estrogen-powered Confessions of a Shopaholic, starring a radiant Isla Fisher alongside the fab fashion mise-en-scenes of Sex and the City designer Patricia Fields?\nHe’s taking people (in this case, the chick lit crowd) on a journey. In our discussion below, RT chats with Bruckheimer about his Five Favorite Films, many of which were directed by a sort of blockbuster magician of another generation, the celebrated British filmmaker David Lean. All five of his favorites, however, share certain elements that Bruckheimer strives for in his own career — a fortuitous combination of great writing, great visual style, and great casting. (They also share a lot in common with the picks of last week’s Five Favorite Films subject, Djimon Hounsou, to which Bruckheimer quips, “Really? He’s a smart man.”)\nBelow, Jerry Bruckheimer reminisces on working with Paul Schrader and the late artistic director Ferdinando Scarfiotti, with whom he worked on Cat People and American Gigolo, and compares the plight of Shopaholic‘s indebted heroine to America’s current economic crisis. Intriguingly, Bruckheimer also argues that there is no glass ceiling in Hollywood for female filmmakers today (although Confessions of a Shopaholic is helmed by male director P.J. Hogan). Read on for all this and more with Jerry Bruckheimer.\n\n\n\nThe Bridge on the River Kwai (1957, 95% Tomatometer), Lawrence of Arabia (1962,\n98% Tomatometer), Dr. Zhivago (1965,\n84% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m a big fan of David Lean. Bridge on the River Kwai, Lawrence of Arabia, and Dr. Zhivago take up three of my favorites. This can go for all three of Lean’s films, because they’re all very similar. They all have very strong characters, very developed characters. He has a unique visual style; it’s very important for the way the movie looks. There are stories about how he’d sit in the desert for half a day, just waiting for the clouds to be right before he’d start filming. You can imagine what a producer would be doing during this. [Smiles] So I love films that have strong visual styles, and all of those films have very unique styles.\n\n\n\nThe Godfather (1972,\n100% Tomatometer)\n\nThe Godfather is another big favorite of mine. It’s a great characterization. Fantastic casting, in every film. I can generalize on all of these favorite films, because they all have the same elements to them. Very strong directors; very strong writers. Robert Bolt wrote most of David Lean’s movies. You have a fantastic screenwriter working at your hand, penning these wonderful characters. \n\n\nRaging Bull (1980, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAnother masterful director [Martin Scorsese]. Paul Schrader was one of the writers on that, another great writer and director. Casting, again; De Niro is amazing.\n\n\nNext: Bruckheimer on Paul Schrader, making films to “empower women,” and how he pulls each project together\n\nSpeaking of Paul Schrader, I recently watched Cat People.\nJerry Bruckheimer: It’s cute, isn’t it? Not cute, but it’s out there.\nIt’s visually amazing. There are a number of things you’ve mentioned that seem to resonate, among them Paul Schrader delaying production a few times…do you remember making that movie very well?\nJB: That’s right! Ferdinando Scarfiotti was the designer on it; he was just a genius, he really was. He was from Italy, and he comes to America and has a whole different perspective on what he sees. Things that you and I pass by every day that become commonplace, they’re unique to him. It’s so interesting to see things through his eyes, and that’s what that movie was. He also did American Gigolo, which I produced, with Paul Schrader.\nI heard there was some lobby to get him a co-director credit because of how much he contributed. \nJB: He was a genius, and one of the sweetest men ever. Just an amazing individual.\n[rtimage]MapID=1191984&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=6&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nNow, we’ve got Confessions of a Shopaholic, which at first glance seems like somewhat of a departure for you.\nJB: A little bit, but not really. My first [romantic comedy] was 25 years ago, with Flashdance, and then we did Coyote Ugly. But I like to make movies that empower people — especially women — and I think this is a very powerful film. All three of those movies empower women, and take them on a journey. Shopaholic is the journey of this young girl who obviously has problems. She doesn’t like her job, she has a spending problem. And through the course of the movie, through her own conviction and through her own realization, she overcomes her problems, finds something she really likes doing, and finds romance. I think we all look for that. A lot of us have had jobs we hated, or have problems we have to overcome. So I think it’s nice for young kids to see that they can come out of these things.\nOn the one hand, you see Isla Fisher in Patricia Fields’ fabulous clothes, and on the other you have this story about debt which is really quite timely in today’s economic climate.\nJB: It’s so funny how things happen. When we bought this book years ago, the country was flying high. Now we have the same problems that Rebecca Bloomwood (Isla Fisher’s character) has. We’ve spent too much, put too much on credit, and now they’ve come to collect and we don’t have the money. We have to take some lessons from Becky.\n[rtimage]MapID=1191984&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=9&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nCould you compare Shopaholic to any of your big action blockbusters, in terms of how you put the pieces together?\nJB: I think you try to find the strengths and weaknesses of all the people you work with. If the director’s very visual — like Ridley Scott and Tony Scott, the Scott brothers are both very visual — then it doesn’t matter who the designer or the cinematographer is; it’s really their vision and you just have to have someone who’s very good at executing their vision. But other directors focus on character and story, and they don’t have the desire to have something more brilliant; that’s not their expertise. You have to find the Nando Scarfiottis of the world to come in and design the film. It’s the same thing with the cinematographer. Some directors are trained a different way, and they don’t have the skill and the understanding of what good cinematography is, so you’ll have to get a brilliant cinematographer. It’s all mixing and matching the talents of the people that surround you.\nSome writers write great characters and great dialogue, but their storytelling is not as good. In the old Hollywood system, studios used to have writers under contract. Every screenplay went through five different writers. It started with the plotter, the guy who wrote the great plots, then they’d give it to the character person, then they’d it to the punch up dialogue, then they’d give it to the female writer, who bolstered the female characters, then they’d bring in somebody, if it was an action movie, who understood how to write action… it went through all these different hands. That’s why you have all those great movies in the ’30s and ’40s that had brilliant dialogue; they went through so many different typewriters.\nNext: Bruckheimer on the best writers in Hollywood, gender politics in Hollywood, and why he selected a man to direct the female-centric Confessions of a Shopaholic\n[rtimage]MapID=1191984&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=10&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nDo you think a similar writing system could work today?\nJB: Well, we sort of do it. It’s rare that we have writers like Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, who can actually do everything. The problem is, there may be ten of them in Hollywood, and they’re always busy so you can’t always get them. So you have to find somebody else and nurture them along, or you have to go through a bunch of different computers to get where you have a complete screenplay.\nHow did you decide on hiring P.J. Hogan (Muriel’s Wedding) to direct Confessions?\nJB: You just look at his work. He’s wonderful with female characters, he’s wonderful with comedy, and he’s got a very light touch. He understands physical comedy. He was the perfect choice.\nConfessions is poised to become a female-driven blockbuster. It’s a female movie, with a female audience. So why not hire a female director?\nJB: I don’t look it as far as gender. I look at it as who’s available at the time, who’s the most talented. These pictures have a very short window in which they can get made, so you try to get a list of people who you think are really talented, and they start getting crossed off one by one because they’re making other movies.\n[rtimage]MapID=1191984&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=2&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nWhy do you think there is such a lack of female filmmakers in mainstream movies?\nJB: I think that’s changing. I think you saw that when you saw Twilight; [director Catherine Hardwicke] is very talented. There’s a whole group of young women and older women who are directing now, doing very well.\nTrue, but I feel like despite there being a handful of established female directors, like Catherine Hardwicke, even with her success — nobody really knows what happened in the decision making process with the Twilight sequel, New Moon.\nJB: From what I’ve read, it seems that most studios want to make movies for less money and she felt that she needed a little more…\nOr a little more time —\nJB: Well, time is money. [Smiles]\n[rtimage]MapID=1191984&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=7&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nSo from what you can tell, Hollywood isn’t terribly unbalanced gender-wise –there’s not a huge uphill battle facing aspiring female filmmakers?\nJB: Not at all. Quite the opposite. Historically, they’ll even hire people who have all kinds of problems, as long as they can make money. It’s all about talent.\nFor a director, do you think it helps or not to be an auteur?\nJB: It works either way. It depends on what kind of auteur you are; if you’re a commercial auteur, that’s one thing. If you’re an auteur who makes very personalized movies that people don’t go see, it’s much harder to get work — or to get people to finance your films.\nWhat is your favorite Jerry Bruckheimer film?\nJB: I don’t have one — they’re all favorites. They’re all your children.\nConfessions of a Shopaholic opens in wide release February 13, 2009. Click here for a full synopsis, photo gallery and trailers. Want more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Ernest Borgnine, Jean Reno, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.\n\nFew will forget Bill Pullman‘s rousing speech as the US president in Independence Day, but it’s only one of a long string of vast and diverse roles that have seen him cast as romantic lead, action hero, comedy star and dark villain. In more than twenty years of screen acting he’s defined himself as a hard-working, engaging talent.\nHis latest film, Surveillance, opens in UK cinemas this week. Directed by Jennifer Lynch, it casts Pullman as one of a pair of FBI agents (with Julia Ormond) tracking down the culprit of a grisly collection of seemingly unpremeditated murders. With a fine ensemble cast it’s an original crime thriller; only Lynch’s second film since her 1993 debut Boxing Helena. It will open in the US on 26th June.\nOf his five favourite films, Pullman says his choices depend on mood and context. “I always feel like there are a lot of different types of favourites,” he tells RT. “there are some that I look to for interesting things, some that I look to for acting things, others that I watch again and again. I don’t know if this is in any sort of order!”\n\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n“This is always the first choice when people say they have a new television set or home cinema system and they want to watch a great visual movie. I always choose this because I feel it has an incredible presence.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n\nThe Searchers\n\nZabriskie Point\n\nAmerica, America\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n\n\n\n\n\nThe Searchers\n“I like The Searchers for the same reason. I like to see those performances again and just the way that without special effects or tweaked shots or CGI or whatever you get this expansive feeling of being in the outdoors.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n\nThe Searchers\n\nZabriskie Point\n\nAmerica, America\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n\n\n\n\n\nZabriskie Point\n“When I was in college, first year, I saw it and I really hadn’t been exposed to a lot of European filmmakers. It’s such a ‘film’ film. It wasn’t required viewing, it was just a film playing on campus and I hadn’t been interested in film before then. Nowadays people are deciding to get into film at age five when they’re sitting, watching the Oscars. I really didn’t come out of that culture — I was pretty much a John Wayne fan and that was it. Zabriskie Point was a time when I was in a lot of change and flux and these incredible visuals hit me like they had rearranged the organs in my body. The ending and the free-floating debris and everything is an image that burned itself in my consciousness.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n\nThe Searchers\n\nZabriskie Point\n\nAmerica, America\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n\n\n\n\n\nAmerica, America\n“It’s a little bit of a Slumdog movie in a way of somebody coming from incredibly unlikely beginnings and climbing through a lot of incredibly hard challenges to get somewhere. As an actor you’re continually riding the waves of whether you’re in or out, getting work or not getting work, and Kazan was really a guy who was condemned into not working and looking to go deep into someplace and just live inside his art.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n\nThe Searchers\n\nZabriskie Point\n\nAmerica, America\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n\n\n\n\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n“This is one I’ve watched a couple of different times in a couple of different forms. I’ve watched the film version and I’ve also seen the mini-series. I think when I first saw that it changed my idea of acting. I go back to it sometimes just to put myself back in that place where my discoveries about what was possible on a film and the level of immersion between people — this incredible dance that they do — really formed.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nLawrence of Arabia\n\nThe Searchers\n\nZabriskie Point\n\nAmerica, America\n\nScenes from a Marriage\n\n\nSurveillance opens in UK cinemas this week. It will open in the US on 26th June.\nWith 12 Rounds hitting theaters, wrestler turned actor John Cena stopped by Current TV’s Rotten Tomatoes Show to share his favorite films.\n\n\n&nbsp;\nA certain quest for variety has allowed Carla Gugino to cultivate a fan base within two distinctly divergent demographics, alternating between femme fatale and strong maternal figures in films like Sin City and the Spy Kids trilogy, respectively. The juxtaposition has never been more apparent than it is during this month, in which she appears in back-to-back weeks as the pin-up superheroine Silk Spectre in Zack Snyder’s Watchmen and then as Dr. Alex Friedman, a brainy UFO specialist who teams up with a cab driver (Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson) to help a pair of alien teens in this week’s Race to Witch Mountain.\nRotten Tomatoes spoke with Carla Gugino about her favorite films of the moment (every true film geek has a hard time picking just five) and discussed her drive to diversify her career. While Race to Witch Mountain marks her third film of the year so far (following The Unborn and Watchmen) and her eighth in two years (including American Gangster, The Lookout, and Righteous Kill), Gugino also shared her enthusiasm for a trio of upcoming passion projects: Women in Trouble and Elektra Luxx, the first two films in a trilogy which she’s producing and starring in for director Sebastian Gutierrez.\nBelow, read on as Carla Gugino shares her Five Favorite Films (or go straight to our extended interview).\n\n\nAll That Jazz\n“Straight up Bob Fosse goodness. Roy Scheider is amazing in this movie. (It’s my favorite performance of his though I have many a good friend who would argue it’s in Jaws, but check it out and I think you’ll agree with me.)”\n\n&nbsp;\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nAll That Jazz\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n\nCasino\n\n12 Monkeys\n\nFunny Face\n\n\n&nbsp;\n Read our full interview with Carla Gugino!\n\nMore Five Favorite Films:\nBill Pullman\nJerry Bruckheimer\nDanny Boyle\nMickey Rourke\nRobert Pattinson\nClick here for our Five Favorite Films archive\n\n\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n“I am a huge Almodovar fan, so it’s hard to pick only one of his films, but today I shall choose this. Antonio Banderas and Victoria Abril are fantastic. It’s funny, sexy, and deeply human.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nAll That Jazz\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n\nCasino\n\n12 Monkeys\n\nFunny Face\n\n\n&nbsp;\n Read our full interview with Carla Gugino!\n\n\nCasino\n“I think it’s a totally underrated Scorsese movie. Massive in scope, stunning to look at and amazing performances all around. Plus, the coolest wardrobe ever.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nAll That Jazz\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n\nCasino\n\n12 Monkeys\n\nFunny Face\n\n\n&nbsp;\n Read our full interview with Carla Gugino!\n\n\n12 Monkeys\n“I just can’t see this movie enough times. Genius, Gilliam. He creates such an impressive alternate world. And one of my favorite performances by Brad Pitt.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nAll That Jazz\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n\nCasino\n\n12 Monkeys\n\nFunny Face\n\n\n&nbsp;\n Read our full interview with Carla Gugino!\n\n\nFunny Face\n“Audrey Hepburn, Paris, fashion, all wrapped up in one great movie. Makes you happy — perfect for a rainy day.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nAll That Jazz\n\nTie Me Up! Tie Me Down!\n\nCasino\n\n12 Monkeys\n\nFunny Face\n\n\n&nbsp;\n Read our full interview with Carla Gugino!What follows is our full interview with Carla Gugino. To return to her Five Favorite Films, click here. \n&nbsp;\nYour character in Race to Witch Mountain is sort of a nerd’s dream girl — beautiful, smart, and a little bit dorky. Is that something that comes from you?\nCarla Gugino: Yes! I think kind of in the way that everyone wishes they were smoother than they are. That was one of the things I really loved about playing that character — the fact that she is smart, and she’s got her act together to some extent, but when she’s confronted with something that blows her mind, she becomes a kid. And has obsessions about funny things, and is sort of phobic about being outside. I don’t share that particular one, but I definitely relate to the nerd in her.\nWhat kind of nerd are you?\nCG: Well, first of all, I’m an incredibly gullible person — I’m so bad that when I said that to someone, my friend said, “You know, ‘gullible’ isn’t even in the dictionary.” And I said, “Really?” As I was saying “Really?” I will acknowledge that I then realized what was happening, but that’s how bad I am. I like to think that’s a good quality, in the long run.\n[rtimage]MapID=1200842&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=3&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nFor your character, Dr. Alex Friedman, the day that the alien kids come to her for help is the most important day of her career, possibly of her entire life. Have you had a similarly defining moment in your career? \nCG: I’ve had nothing in comparison to that — in the sense of that moment where really, you thought something was completely impossible, but it was actually happening to you. But I’ve certainly had those “pinch yourself” kind of moments in the sense that, obviously as you know, this business is so tough, and I’ve been really fortunate. But you know, you get turned down a lot, and you have to not take those things personally. And so, I think along the way, when I’ve fought really hard to get a role and I’ve actually gotten it…there have been those times in my life where it’s absolutely ecstatic and you’re like, Oh my God, the hard work actually paid off! Because you get so used to having people say, well, there was the best person who came in, but we’re going to go with so and so…[laughs] so certainly in terms of the magnitude of Alex Friedman’s discovery, I haven’t had one of those yet.\nGiven that you’ve been working in Hollywood for so long and are known for so many different types of roles in studio films, independent films, and television, I would think your name recognition would carry you pretty far and you wouldn’t have so many of those moments any more. \nCG: Thank you. Well, I definitely [have those moments] less than I have had. I’ve been doing this since I was 14, so I’ve gone through a lot of that for so many years that I think it’s just in your bones. But the truth is, I have more choices now than I did before, which I’m so grateful for.\n[rtimage]MapID=1184697&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=74&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nThat brings me to your current gigs — the juxtaposition of your two back-to-back films is somewhat ironic. You’re going from playing Sally Jupiter (AKA Silk Spectre) in the R-rated Watchmen to playing a brainy maternal figure of sorts in Disney’s Race to Witch Mountain. \nCG: I know, it’s so wild! You know, all my life I’ve sort of gravitated toward really different kinds of roles and I’ve always mixed it up. Right before I played the mom in Spy Kids I played a prostitute in Wayne Wang’s Center of the World. I’ve definitely always found myself gravitating towards the opposite of what I’ve just done, and after doing Watchmen and Righteous Kill, which I was shooting simultaneously, I was excited to go do something light and fun, and get to play kind of a kooky scientist! It was just a really appealing thing to me. Most people who understand movies and actors and all that, understand the desire to not be typecast and the desire to play different things. But I think I also confused people for a while…it’s funny because it’s never been so obvious as right now, because there are two big movies coming out at the same time and the roles are so different, the films are so different. It’s nice because I get to talk about what actually does matter to me, which is playing characters that are diverse and getting to challenge myself each time. I just think that in order to be good at what you do and get better and better — which is what I care about — you have to the things that scare you or inspire you.\nWith the whole world watching and talking about Watchmen right now, are you very attuned to all the buzz?\nCG: I haven’t been checking the boards or blogs, just because for me, once I open that door it’s like too much information. I’m really excited that people are excited about it. I’ve been attuned to some responses, from people I know and/or from press, so I’ve gotten a sense of things to some extent. But you know what’s cool, I love the movie so much — I actually love both of these movies, and they’re such different movies, and I love them for different reasons. I think Watchmen is extraordinary. The character that I play was such a great challenge; I love the character, Sally Jupiter, so much. But there’s also a lot of the movie that I’m not in, so I feel I’m able to be pretty objective. And I do think that Zack [Snyder] has done something amazing, and with a great sense of passion and specificity. He is a fan. He’s a fanboy — as we all have become. In that way, I feel excited for people to see it. I think it is a challenging movie; I don’t think it is for everybody. But it is an exceptional movie, and I don’t think anyone will have seen anything like it.\nNext: Gugino on the psyche of Sally Jupiter and getting friends like Malin Akerman and Marley Shelton onboard her passion project, Women in Trouble/Elektra Luxx\nYour character, Sally Jupiter/Silk Spectre, is one of the more fascinating characters in Watchmen — moreso because of how she relates to The Comedian, before and after their violent encounter. \nCG: She is endlessly fascinating. It was so interesting, when I sat down with Zack and he said, “I really want the rape scene to be brutal, as it is in the graphic novel, and not titillating.” And I said, I think that’s really important. Obviously, there are the shots preceding it that are sort of sexy, as she’s undressing, and then you’re like, oh, holy shit, this is not what we thought it was going to be. Because it determines so much for her character and also The Comedian and the rest of the story. “But,” I said, “what we have to also maintain is the fact that she’s still really in love with him, even after that, and he is with her, too.” We were like, isn’t that amazing — it’s so great to be able to do a movie where you’re adapting it from a graphic novel where so often, big budget Hollywood movies end up having to simplify things as opposed to leaving the complexities that generally exist in human beings. And to be able to do it, and not quite be able to answer why she still loves him. But the truth is, for whatever reasons, they are kind of intrinsically connected.\n[rtimage]MapID=1184697&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=14&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nDefinitely. Another project of yours that is really intriguing to me is Elektra Luxx. Can you describe that project and how it relates to another upcoming film, Women in Trouble? \nCG: Yes — they are both part of a trilogy of movies that we made for very, very little money with friends who are a bunch of amazing actors. Sebastian Gutierrez wrote and directed them, and writes amazing women characters. Basically, Women in Trouble is the first, which is going to premiere at South by Southwest on March 15, which is really exciting; it’s a total labor of love, a day in the life of a bunch of different, amazing women and complex characters. It’s funny and sexy, and will possibly make you cry, too. It’s much more European-influenced; Almodovar is Gutierrez’s mentor, and it’s got a lot of those kinds of elements to it. That’s the first film, and in it I play a porn star named Elektra Luxx. The second film is Elektra Luxx, which sort of follows her more but we have a few returning characters and some new characters as well.\nIn Women in Trouble it’s myself, Connie Britton, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Adrianne Palicki, Marley Shelton, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Josh Brolin, Simon Baker…it’s a really cool group of people. In the second one, some return, but we’ve also got Timothy Olyphant —\nAnd Malin Akerman!\nCG: –and Malin is in Elektra Luxx, which is so awesome!\nDid you have a hand in her joining the cast?\nCG: I did. Because we worked together on Watchmen, and right when I finished Watchmen we shot Women in Trouble, and she was like, “Oh my God, that sounds so cool!” We became very close friends; Malin’s like my sister now. There was a great role in the storyline with Joe Gordon-Levitt in Elektra Luxx, and Sebastian thought Malin would be perfect, so it all came together beautifully. So we finished shooting that, it’s actually being edited now, and Women in Ecstasy, which is the third film in the trilogy, has been written but we have not shot it yet.\nIt was just sort of an experiment; we were like, let’s make little movies that we sort of own a part of, that nobody makes money on, but we play great characters, shoot them in really short periods of time in between our “real movies,” and we ended up falling in love with them and having a great time!\nAnother actress you seem to work with frequently is Marley Shelton, a fellow Sin City veteran. You’ve both got the basketball movie Our Lady of Victory coming up, and she appears in Women in Trouble. Was that another friendship born of a movie set?\nCG: Yes! She’s also in Elektra Luxx, and one of my dear friends. I’m a huge fan of her as an actress. We knew each other before Sin City — we actually met years ago, at the Toronto Film Festival. She was there with Pleasantville, and I was there with Judas Kiss. We ended up being fans of each others’ work, and her husband is a wonderful film producer who actually produced Judas Kiss, but they weren’t together at the time…just one of those small world things, and she’s since become one of my dearest friends.\nIt’s nice to see that films like Women in Trouble can come together from such a small, connected group of artists. \nCG: That’s what’s been really valuable, certainly to me and I think to all of us. You just realize, we should start trying to make movies together! I’ve been doing this for 20 years and ended up crossing paths with so many wonderful and super-talented people, so to go, wait a minute, we should try to do this ourselves, as opposed to waiting around…of course, what you realize is when you do that, other people’s great creative energy comes in, like Robyn Hitchcock, who’s doing the score. It really inspires a lot of artists in a lot of different areas to come together to make something cool.\n&nbsp;\nCatch up with Carla Gugino in this Friday’s Race to Witch Mountain. She can also be seen in Watchmen, now in theaters. \n&nbsp;\n&nbsp;\n\nRosario Dawson is an actress that seems equally comfortable working on smaller, independent productions (Kids, Clerks II, and her current film Explicit Ills) as she does big-budget studio blockbusters (Men in Black II, Sin City, Eagle Eye). She recently took some time out of her busy schedule to talk with RT about her favorite movies, reveal a bet she made with Quentin Tarantino on the set of Death Proof, and admit to knowing that some movies were going to be bad even before shooting began (i.e. The Adventures of Pluto Nash).\nRead on for Rosario Dawson’s Five Favorite Films, and catch her in the indie drama Explicit Ills, a New York-set drama helmed by actor and first-time director Mark Webber also starring Paul Dano, Lou Taylor Pucci, and Naomie Harris. Explicit Ills is in limited release this week.\n\nReservoir Dogs (1992, 95% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI usually have Reservoir Dogs and Rocky Horror Picture Show on my list, because I just love them so much. I did Kids, and the first film I really can remember watching specifically to look at acting after that was Reservoir Dogs.\nMy dad had given me the VHS tape of it to watch over and over and over again. Well, he didn’t intend for me, I think, to watch it over and over and over again, but I watched it over and over again; I think I watched it like five or six times that week. I would come home from school and I would just watch it again, and memorize the whole thing, and I was just so blown away by the acting in it. It seemed like it must have had all this money, because you remember it being bloody, you remember the shock, all that kinda stuff. And then you watch it and you’re like, “Actually, [Quentin Tarantino] cut around all of that.” The dude with red stuff on his chest, you know what I mean? It’s all acting. And it’s such an interesting way of telling the story, going back and inside of itself. My dad, I’ll never forget, he was like, “Watch this for the acting,” and I was just blown away. So I feel like that’s a piece of work that I love looking at as sort of a modern way of getting into those huge monologues, telling stories in an epic way, and the sort of more modern kind of small stories.\n\n\n\nThe Misfits (1961, 100% Tomatometer)\n\nAnybody who has the audacity to say that Marilyn Monroe wasn’t a good actress needs to see that f***** movie. I want you to go inside and outside of a house, jumping in a box and going, “I’m in and I’m out. And I’m in and I’m out.” And you believe it, that this woman is standing there, working the little thing, the whole body jiggling, the entire place mesmerized. There were just so many moments, and it’s shot so beautifully, and I think it’s just a remarkable film. Clark Gable in a completely different way than we’ve ever seen him before. It’s remarkable. \n\n\nNetwork (1976, 90% Tomatometer)\n\nI think it’s a tremendous film, and I’m waiting for everyone to finally throw open their windows and say, “I’m mad as hell and I’m not gonna take it any more,” because it just needs to be done, and it hasn’t been done yet.\n\n\nKiller of Sheep (1977, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nCharles Burnett. It’s a really incredible film, shot all in black and white, 1970s, it’s Watts in Los Angeles. And it’s this guy who works in a slaughterhouse. They put it out in theaters, I think a year and a half ago, and I raced out to go see it live. The soundtrack is just so provocative, it’s so of that time. It was shot for less than $10,000…It’s a remarkable, remarkable film, and when you watch it, it’s just so profound.\n\n\n\n\nMan on Wire (2008, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nIt’s about Philippe Petit who walked across the World Trade Center in 1974, and it’s just…you watch that movie and it’s like you really get that whole [idea of] someone who did something super unique, that did something. It’s just an unbelievable thing; it’s so moving to watch.\nThat’s my new favorite film right now, and having just seen it, it’s so mindboggling. We don’t see enough documentaries; I love watching documentaries, and obviously there are really amazing ones and all that kinda stuff. But this one, I think, is profound to watch, because the footage is unbelievable, to really just see it from all different perspectives. I remember the interview with the security guard who went upstairs, and that awe on his face, and he was like, “I came out, and there’s this guy on a wire hanging between these two buildings.” They’re trying to get him to come off, but it’s just like, he can’t help himself. He’s like, “It was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen.” And you feel that. Just to imagine having been there. I wasn’t born for another five years, so I missed that, but damn, that’s such an incredible thing.\nI just met [Petit] recently; he’s such an odd bird, he’s not so comfortable in a social setting, but it’s like there’s an energy that comes out of him that’s just like, to know you’re truly unique, to feel that personally, you know? There are the geniuses that you meet in the world, and the Quentin Tarantinos and stuff like that. You could talk to him, and he’s like, “I know I’m a genius!” It’s amazing. But there’s a whole other level, where you’ve done it physically…everything else must seem so small. [laughs] Or maybe big, actually, you know?\n\n\nNext: Dawson shares a Tarantino moment from the set of Death Proof, reminisces on the great directors she’s worked with, and admits that she knew Pluto Nash was a bad idea\n\n\nMore Five Favorite Films:\nCarla Gugino\nBill Pullman\nJerry Bruckheimer\nDanny Boyle\nRobert Pattinson\nClick here for our Five Favorite Films archive\n\nYou picked Tarantino’s Reservoir Dogs as one of your favorite films. I imagine that made it interesting to then work on Death Proof. \nRosario Dawson: Yeah, absolutely. When we did the round table shoot [a dialogue-heavy scene in Death Proof filmed entirely in one take], we’d been working on the lines for weeks and months with each other because that movie got pushed, and we always did that scene in one long [take], we always worked it all the way through. [Tarantino] had talked about how he wanted to shoot it, and it was going to be a Reservoir Dogs homage, and he was going to have the camera come around, and we were like, “Awesome!” And then we’re shooting, and he cut it in half. It was after my big speech; basically, it started getting into insert shots, and we were like, “Oh…” It felt really weird, actually, to do the scene and stop…It just felt really weird that he wanted to do a reveal on the gun and all this kinda stuff, and he was like, “It has to have inserts.” And we said, “Okay.” It just felt so odd, and I remember we shot a whole day of trying to get half the shot, and then he went and slept on it, woke up the next morning and goes, “You could have the scene all the way through. Let’s just shoot it all the way. I mean, it’s gonna be seven or eight minutes long, but let’s just shoot it all the way.” And the whole crew was down with us, and everybody, we just sat in our chairs, and they figured out how we’re gonna, you know, when the camera comes over here you lean forward so you get a good insert shot of her, and then it becomes a two-shot, and this and that. But it’s just one long take, and we were like, “F***in-A, this is better than Reservoir Dogs!”\nBecause that was the camera going around all over with cuts; there are no cuts in our scene, and I think we felt very proud of that. It felt good, especially because Reservoir Dogs literally is one of my most favorite films of all time. And he would make me do that whole “Like A Virgin” speech every once in a while. [Dawson begins to recite part of the speech.] I actually beat him, because he was like, “There’s only seven ‘dick’s in it,” and I was like, “No, there’s nine.” I have to count it. Yeah nine, there are nine “dick”s, and he was insistent that there were only seven, and he was like, “No, it’s ‘dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick.'” And I’m like, “No no no, it’s ‘dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick.'” I have that s***, like, memorized — the rhythm is embedded in my brain. I think I won five bucks off of him for that. It was pretty cool.\n[rtimage]MapID=1159014&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=12&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nYou’ve worked with some great directors over the years.\nRD: Yeah — Kevin [Smith], Spike [Lee], Robert [Rodriguez]. Very lucky. Oliver [Stone] — I mean, it’s remarkable. Larry Clark, I mean, is so genius. I would love to work with Harmony Korine, because I think his directing is so incredible and I love his visual style and obviously his storytelling. But yeah, I’ve been really blessed, to work with such incredible people, and mostly because that’s how I started, you know? Kids was such a huge film; people are such big fans of it. It sparked the eye of Spike, then other people saw [me in his films]. For someone who never wanted to be an actor — it wasn’t a dream or possibility or idea — it’s kind of remarkable to look at my career now.\nMark Webber, I think, did a great job on this film — a first time director. It’s definitely one of the most powerful films that I feel like I’ve ever done, and I’m in two scenes in it, but it’s one of my favorite films that I’ve ever done. Luckily — because of Larry, because of Harmony, because of Kids — I feel like I can sit down and talk to someone who goes, “I’ve never held a camera before in my life, but I’ve got a story I want to tell and I want you to tell it with me,” and I’m down. And I feel very lucky that, even with the more established directors that I’ve worked with, that I’ve also had an amazing opportunity to work with some of these really great directors as they’re just starting their careers.\nYou seem to really be able to successfully balance working on big budget productions as well as the smaller indie films, made by first-time directors. The dichotomy of that has got to be fun.\nRD: Oh yeah, it’s remarkable. I think it’s a great balance and it’s powerful for me. I mean, you’ve got, I think it’s on Rotten Tomatoes — or maybe it’s AskMen, but I think it’s on Rotten Tomatoes — where you guys are talking about, like, you know, if Pluto Nash didn’t kill our careers, then nothing will. [Laughs] “She’s here to stay.” And you know, I roll with those punches. I get that. They’re all different moments in my career.\n[rtimage]MapID=1114812&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=13&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nWell nobody thinks they’re making a bad movie at the time.\nRD:  I knew. We knew we were making a bad movie. On that one there was really no doubt about it. I read that script and I threw it in the garbage. It’s called, “I was nineteen years old, and I needed to get off my couch, man.” It was an awesome experience. I mean, at the same time, it’s like, it was Eddie Murphy, Pam Grier, Randy Quaid, Joey Pantoliano, Ileana Douglas…Yo, that was an amazing experience. We had a ball doing that project; there just was not a good movie to show for it, you know? Sometimes it’s the exact opposite; you work with people you hate, and then the movie’s great, and you gotta talk about it all happily, when it’s like, “Actually, I hated working on that movie.” But this one was one that was really great; I just count myself really lucky for the good ones and the bad ones that have gotten me here, because I’m gonna be 30 this year and I’m feeling really reflective, and I feel pretty good.\nSee Rosario Dawson in Mark Webber’s Explicit Ills, in limited release now. For more Five Favorites, check out our archive. \n\n\nThis month, director Alex Proyas (The Crow, Dark City) returns with a new film for science-fiction audiences: Knowing, in which a professor (Nicolas Cage) discovers that predictions sealed 50 year prior in a time capsule have accurately predicted a series of disasters in modern history — and that some events have not yet happened. Among his influences for the thriller are William Friedkin, whose Exorcist he says partially inspired him during filming; below, we talk with Alex Proyas as he shares his Five Favorite Films, which range from science-fiction landmarks to horror classics and beyond. (Click to page 2 for our extended interview, in which Proyas discusses Roger Ebert’s idea of “generosity” in a filmmaker, and demonstrates his appreciation of the film critic’s efforts to seriously analyze his 1998 film, Dark City.)\n\nDr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nTo me it’s the greatest comedy ever made, and I just love the fact that it’s a comedy but it’s just such a dark one. Apart from the visual treatment of the film…I guess it was the first Kubrick film that I ever saw, and it really had an impact on me as a result of that — because I hadn’t really seen a film that looked like that, that had it’s own unique style.\n\n\n\nStalker (1979, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAndrei Tarkovsky. Again, incredibly… I mean, all these films are extremely influential to my own moviemaking, and they were the kinds of movies that just spun me around. I couldn’t compare them with anything else I’d seen at the time. And Stalker was definitely one of those. There was a sense of pace that I’d never experienced in a film before, such a wonderful sustained atmosphere, and then just this incredible metaphysical story. I think it’s still one of the great science fiction movies, and it’s so philosophical and yet so visual. The philosophical ideas are conveyed in terms of pure cinema and visuals as opposed to people talking. Quite a skill, I have to say.\nSome people might draw that comparison to your own work – films like Dark City.\nWell, I hope so. If I can get anywhere near Tarkovsky, I’d be a happy man. It’s something I would certainly aspire to.\n\n\n\nThe Exorcist (1973, 85% Tomatometer)\n\n\nFriedkin film; one that has actually inspired my current movie. You always dream about making the ultimate horror movie, and I think The Exorcist is it. The fact that it’s about such a dark and bleak subject, and yet it leaves us with a sense of hope, is something that I’ve sort of tried to do with my current movie. Again, it has this fantastic sort of sense of dread throughout the film that kind of takes you to this place you’ve never been to before in a movie.\nIt’s totally believable; somehow it makes you believe that this young girl is possessed by the devil, which is no mean feat, I have to say. But you buy it, you know? And it’s also done in such a simple technical way. You know, [it was made] before the age of CGI, and yet it’s as potent today as it’s ever been. It’s extraordinary.\n\n\n\nPsycho (1960, 97% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m actually going into my favorite filmmakers and trying to pick the best of their films. Because it’s really hard, it’s very very hard to pick your five best[-loved] films. And it would change; if you asked me next week, it would be different. Psycho because…the moment where — and it’s a film I saw on television; I can’t imagine how impactful it would have been to have seen it theatrically when it was first released, but even seeing it as a kid on TV — the moment where Hitchcock, about 30 minutes into the film, kills his leading lady, and you go, “We’re in the hands of a complete madman, and all bets are off at this stage,” was such a powerful thing for me. It’s kind of haunted me ever since, and again, you can only dream of making a film that has that level of impact to an audience.\n\n\n\nThe Godfather (1972, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nWell, you know, it’s interesting because my favorite films are ones that I keep watching. I just don’t think there have been many great science fiction films made. I mean, 2001 is genius, there’s no question it’s a masterpiece, but I’ve already picked a Kubrick film. I find Dr. Strangelove a more user-friendly and enjoyable film to look at and watch repeatedly. I can watch it endlessly. Blade Runner is a masterpiece, but I don’t know that I would put it in my top 5 at this stage. Maybe at some other point in my life, I would’ve.\nI picked a Hitchcock film. Kubrick, Hitchcock, and Tarkovsky are my absolute Holy Trinity, you know? I’ve picked one from each person now. Oh! Okay, here’s a curveball. Um, no, I don’t want to say that one… I was going to say The Wizard of Oz, which I really like, but I don’t know that I’d put it in my top five, but in my top twenty. [Long pause] Godfather, I’d say. Just a flawless film, something that’s so beautifully crafted and so perfectly structured and designed, that I can watch it endlessly and enjoy it every single time.\n\n\nDuring his film career, Australian director Alex Proyas has always displayed an affinity for science fiction. He is, after all, the filmmaker who followed his post-apocalyptic feature-length debut (the Australian picture Spirits of the Air, Gremlins of the Clouds) by breaking into Hollywood with 1994’s The Crow, a dark comic book adaptation whose production was marred by tragedy. The tale of a supernatural avenger risen from the grave went on to become a hit, and Proyas turned his sumptuous visual style to another fantasy tale: Dark City.\nDark City, released in 1998, was a sci-fi noir opus about philosophy and romance — Proyas, his visual flair on display, created a vast alternate world in which, at the chime of midnight each night, time stopped and entire cities transformed. The film grew a devout cult following years after release, and was named one of the “Great Movies” by film critic Roger Ebert. After a detour back to Australia to make the rock ‘n roll flick Garage Days, Proyas returned to Hollywood to adapt one of the great Big Idea mythologies of science fiction: Isaac Asimov’s I, Robot.\nThis month, Proyas returns with a new film for sci-fi audiences: Knowing, in which a professor (Nicolas Cage) discovers that predictions sealed 50 year prior in a time capsule had accurately predicted a series of disasters in modern history. Below, we continue our talk with Alex Proyas, in which he discusses Roger Ebert’s idea of “generosity” in a filmmaker, and demonstrates his appreciation of the film critic’s efforts to seriously analyze his 1998 film, Dark City).\n&nbsp;\n[rtimage]MapID=10003713&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=8&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nYour citation of Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather reminds me of the Dark City Director’s Cut DVD, in which Roger Ebert describes you as a “generous” filmmaker — meaning, a filmmaker that puts so much more onto the screen – production value, complex compositions, even ideas — than they need to. \nAlex Proyas: Well, thank you so much for comparing we two. But I think you’re certainly right in terms of Coppola; I think there’s a lusciousness to his work, there’s a sensuality to it. And I think that’s kind of another expression perhaps of generosity as well. But yeah, there’s something so enjoyable about being inside that movie and enjoying that movie. And sensuality comes to mind. I don’t know why, but it does, you know? It’s a spectacular achievement. Sometimes it’s hard to even pinpoint why you like something. You have to like them from so many perspectives to sort of classify them as your greatest, most favorite films.\nI did like the idea of generosity in a filmmaker; do you feel like that is a characteristic that you have in your films?\nAP: I guess. You know, it’s very nice that people see that aspect and certainly nice that Mr. Ebert saw that aspect. I know what a supporter of that film he was; I very much appreciate it. For me, I guess, like most filmmakers, you kinda just do…you want to make movies that you want to see, and that you think are gonna be cool, basically. You know, you’re your own principal audience, I suppose. So I keep wanting to do stuff that I think would be enjoyable, that I would enjoy, you know? And hopefully there’s enough people — others that sort of conform with your tastes and opinions — that you can keep making them. I think in the case of Dark City and what Roger Ebert was saying was, there’s a detail in the texture of the movie, and a kind of an enjoyment of the visual. There’s a lot of effort put into that side of some of my films that it’s always nice when people respond to that, when people see that care that’s gone into it.\nI mean, it can be somewhat a brutal business because you spend years creating these things, and some of them are embraced and some are not — and it’s very painful when they’re not, when people kind of miss the point or ignore the effort that you’ve made, and don’t even see the effort that’s been put into it. And it doesn’t just happen to me, it happens to everybody. So it’s always nice when someone appreciates the detail. I remember when Roger Ebert was helping support Dark City, he actually did a master class in Chicago, at a university in Chicago, sort of analyzing the movie, and someone video’d it and sent it to me, of him doing that master class. It was really wonderful, the level of detail that he went into over a few hours with this group of students, the thought that he put into it. If you, as a filmmaker, poured a great level of thought into something and care into something, if someone else can put an equal amount into viewing it and enjoying your film, there’s a great sense of satisfaction.\nAnd that’s one of the reasons why Roger Ebert is one of our greatest living critics, because he takes that level of interest in films.\nAP:  I agree, I think he’s truly passionate about the medium, you know? He loves films. He’s a very special person in that respect. I had the pleasure of having dinner with him once years after Dark City. I actually met him at the Sundance Festival and we just had dinner and it was just a great pleasure to sit down with him and just talk about stuff.\nCatch Alex Proyas’ Knowing in theaters this week. For more Five Favorite Films, visit our archive.\n\nHow do you describe the career of a guy who started as the host of Talk Soup on E! and within five years was Oscar nominated for a role opposite Jack Nicholson? Greg Kinnear certainly hasn’t taken the usual career path. He may have starred opposite Tom Hanks in You’ve Got Mail, but he was also conjoined with Matt Damon, played a sex addict and a meat inspector, guest starred on Friends and voiced a character in the Beavis and Butthead movie. Not to mention leading the SAG-winning ensemble in one of the best indie comedies of recent years in Little Miss Sunshine.\nNow he’s on screen as the inventor Bob Kearns in Flash of Genius, and he was happy to be playing a real-life character no one’s ever heard of. “Well, it’s not like everybody comes in with a preconceived idea of who Bob Kearns is,” he says. “So it was kind of loose as to how I could portray him. You know, nobody’s ever going to stand up in the theatre and say, ‘Hey, that’s not what I remember the intermittent windshield wiper guy to be like!’ It’s not like with Clinton or Nixon or some sort of galvanising figure that everyone’s familiar with. At the same time, as an actor I felt absolutely obligated to try to, as best I could, make him real.”\nLater this year he’ll be sees in Paul Greengrass‘ new film Green Zone, about the hunt for WMDs in Baghdad after the American invasion. “Paul is a remarkable director,” he says. “He just has an immediacy on the set. He doesn’t come in with a prearranged agenda of how things are going to go, and he’s always chasing something that’s not easily found. It’s his own journey as a filmmaker, but I think everybody feels like you want to give him everything you’ve got, because the thing that he’s searching for always translates to the screen, always creates these pictures that feel very vibrant. He has a way of making even smallest moments really big and lifelike on screen. It was wonderful.”\nWhen asked about his five favourite films, he looks to the ceiling and comments that he’s going through his mental Rolodex…\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\n\n\n\nSomething Wild\n“Great performances from a great ensemble of actors. Jonathan Demme did such a great job of making that look so real, creating an atmosphere that felt very immediate. It’s a funny film, but it’s scary as hell in parts. And it’s a completely unpredictable movie, I think. There’s no expectation, as you go into that film, what to expect or where it’s going.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\n\n\n\nThe Godfather\n“For obvious reasons. It’s just painted on a giant canvas – it’s larger than life. There’s a reason it’s a classic, and I don’t know what else to say about it that hasn’t already been said. It’s just one of the greats. There’s not a character in it that I don’t like, and there’s not a performance in it that’s flawed. It’s incredible.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\n\n\n\nChinatown\n“I had a chance to work with Jack Nicholson, which was a real thrill. You can scoop out a lot of performances from Jack, and consider them as possible films you could add to this list, but that was a great performance. Roman Polanski‘s direction is incredible too. It’s a movie where, the first time you see it, it’s kind of shocking because you don’t know where it’s going and how big the story actually is that’s being told.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\n\n\n\nNorth by Northwest\n“I like the classics! I like a pretty eclectic mix actually. But if you want a great old movie, this is it. It’s in colour but it always feels like a black and white movie to me. It feels like a film with great history in it, and it’s got great style.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\n\n\n\nWilly Wonka &amp; The Chocolate Factory\n“It’s one of the great endings to a movie ever when Willy asks Charlie what happened to the little boy who got everything he ever wanted. “You don’t know? He lived happily ever after!” And then the glass elevator breaks through the glass roof. It’s incredible. I worked briefly on a television show with Mel Stuart, the director, and heard all sorts of fantastic stories about that remarkable film. And of course I knew all the songs – I still do. I have a 5-year-old, but I haven’t shown it to her yet. It’s kind of scary – that guy who shows up with the little shopping carriage and makes that little speech about how nobody who goes in ever comes out. And the Oompa Loompas. And that boat ride – woo, acid trip!”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nSomething Wild\n\nThe Godfather\n\nChinatown\n\nNorth by Northwest\n\nWilly Wonka\n\n\nFlash of Genius opens in UK cinemas this week. It is on DVD in the US and in cinemas in Australia.\n\n\n\n\nSlumdog Millionaire‘s American audiences were enticed to watch by the\nname of director Danny Boyle or the movie’s kinetic exploration of an exotic,\nfar-away underbelly. In India, the selling point very well may have been\nAnil Kapoor. Kapoor, who portrays the movie’s shifty host of India’s version of Who\nWants to Be a Millionaire?, is the movie’s biggest Bollywood name, something\nfashioned over three decades of work, which includes Mr. India (an early work by\nElizabeth director Shekhar Kapur for which Kapoor received great critical\nacclaim). The story of Kapoor’s&nbsp; first international movie is a story we\nknow well now — the plot, the controversies, the international box office\nsuccess, and the endless trophies (including an ultimate Oscar Best Picture and\nKapoor’s own share of a SAG Oustanding Cast award). As he pursues new projects\nin America (and on the release of Slumdog on DVD), RT sat down with Kapoor to get his Five Favorite Films.\n\nGold Rush (1925, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nThe films that really changed my life were all the films made by Charlie Chaplin. Films like \nThe Gold Rush. They were silent films, they were black and white. As a kid,\nI would just completely get mesmerized with every aspect of cinema. That kind of magic I’d never yet seen, the magic Charlie Chaplin created on screen — in terms of performances, in terms of technique, in terms of innocence, in terms of purity. I would wonder, “Is there anyone in the world who can match this?” I would see other films, and I’d think, “No, this guy is a real genius.” He makes me smile.\nAnd sometimes he moves me.\n\n\n\nCity Lights (1931, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nAh, City Lights.\n[It] doesn’t [really] make an effort to do comedy or [try] to make me cry. It just flows so naturally.\nA true artist. And you don’t have to be sensible [to watch&nbsp; Chaplin’s\nfilms]. You [can be] a kid but you still can understand his films.&nbsp; [One] doesn’t need education, academic education, to understand or enjoy his films. And I would see in the theater, in the audience, all kinds of people: children, parents, grandparents, poor, rich, very rich people, everybody in the theater enjoying his films.\nChaplin really influenced me on being an actor. And I remember, back in India, Raj Kapoor, was greatly influenced by Charlie Chaplin.\n[Kapoor] became one of the biggest filmmakers of our country. You know, [Kapoor] is one of the few filmmakers who are very very known in that part of the world, especially Russia and the Middle East, the Far East. All the countries, one of the most famous filmmakers, Raj Kapoor. And he was influenced by Charlie Chaplin.\nEverybody says, “Are you influenced by Raj Kapoor?” and I say, “No, I’m not inspired by Raj Kapoor, I’m inspired by Charlie Chaplin.” It all goes back to that. And if you see my films, films like Woh 7 Din, Mr. India, and all those kinds of films, there is a bit of Chaplin. In every role which I do to this day, there is that flavor, because I’ve been influenced by all this. I will always think, if there is a scene, I will always have him in mind. Even in Slumdog Millionaire…\n[My performance in Slumdog Millionaire] is very animated, it’s very flamboyant.\nThat influence always works when I’m doing those kinds of roles. There are certain times when I’m slightly larger than life and animated, still in control and still looking natural, and not looking like a buffoon, and not looking caricaturish. Still looking real. I think some way it is the influence of Charlie Chaplin. And even if I can achieve one percent or two percent of what he has achieved in this life in terms of art, in terms of what he has done, I’ll feel pretty fulfilled. When I try to do stuff which he has done, a little bit here and there, then I realize what a great man he was, and what a great character he was, and what he accomplished. Very, very difficult. I heard that he would rehearse for hours and days for every punch. For every\npunch. And there are times when I’m doing my films, I say, “Let’s copy this\npunch on this film.” And we could never get it. We just couldn’t get it.\n\n\n\nThe Great Dictator (1940, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nYou can go into the depth and go inside into his mind, and it’s like miles and miles of depth. Which you can’t really get in the actor’s realm, but Charlie Chaplin could get. And his speech in The Great Dictator, the way he spoke when he played Hitler in The Great Dictator. It is one of the greatest monologues to come out of cinema. Nobody has ever been able to achieve that.\n\n\n\nEvery movie by Laurel &amp; Hardy (1921 – 1951)\n\nI feel performance cannot be done in isolation. So when I talk about teamwork, when I talk about timing between two actors, timing between two actors, I think about Laurel &amp; Hardy. It’s like two sides of a coin. It’s the quickest examples of two people creating magic, two actors creating magic. I look up to these people [and] I get influenced by [them], because I try to create these things. I see others trying to create that thing, but nobody has succeeded yet.\nLaurel &amp; Hardy [are] completely timeless. And anything in art which is timeless — it might be architecture, it might be paintings, whatever you do — [if] it’s great art, it will entertain the people all over the world for centuries and centuries.\n\n\n\nThe Godfather (1972, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nEverything just fell in place. The right people, the right director, the right script, the right timing, what the world was going through. Everything just fell right. So\nGodfather, Slumdog Millionaire, Laurel &amp; Hardy, and Chaplin. Well, it’s too early to talk about\nSlumdog, but I’m sure after 50 or 100 years people are going to say that everything just fell in the right [place] for\nSlumdog.\nThe Godfather is not [just] an American hit, it’s really a worldwide film. Anywhere [you go]: China, Japan, Mexico. Everywhere students of cinema, ordinary people, everybody just loved the film. It’s got that cinematic magic, The Godfather. And, you know, it’s the lighting, the camerawork, the editing, the performances, the casting, the colors, the costumes. It was cinema at its best, and I’m sure it is something which, as you say, was written. Just everything fell in place. It doesn’t happen with everybody, it’s [when] people are [from] a certain kind of work culture [that] these things happen normally.\nWhat I like about The Godfather [is that] it’s very classical. [Coppola] just leaves the camera. You never see the camera moving. It’s very static and it’s the actors [who are moving]. [But] still you create the magic. You don’t have to juggle the camera to attract attention.\nThe music also is very subtle. Everything is subtle. Your mind is throbbing, your [hairs are] rising, you’re on the edge of your seat, but still everything is so calm and relaxed. It’s cinema at its best. Slumdog? That’s also cinema at its best but everything [is] movement. There’s so much movement, there’s so much energy, the script is moving, the screenplay, the camera is moving, the actors are moving, everything is moving. But still, you understand the story. It is in control. Still, it moves you.\n\n\nCatch Anil Kapoor in Slumdog Millionaire on DVD this week. For more Five Favorite Films, visit our archive.\n\n\nMost directors debut their deeply personal passion project before moving on to studio gigs, but indie helmer-turned-Apatow Buncher Greg Mottola (The Daytrippers, Superbad) flipped the script with Adventureland, his semi-autobiographical tale of love, angst, ’80s pop and corndogs that opens nationwide this week. Adventureland follows recent college grad James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg) — an uptight, overeducated intellectual who reads poetry “for fun” — who takes a job at a low-rent carnival one summer working with excitable bosses (SNL‘s Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig), unmotivated slackers (Martin Starr of Freaks and Geeks), a surly, punk-loving love interest (Twilight‘s Kristen Stewart), and lots of righteous retro tunes. (Falco’s “Rock Me Amadeus” has never borne such loathing, or been heard so often, since 1985.)\nBut unlike Superbad, Adventureland isn’t all raunch and giggles — it’s a bittersweet comedy, a nostalgic look at self-discovery and first love that simultaneously provokes laughs and stumbles into moments of poignant beauty. Writer-director Greg Mottola took time out from prepping his next film (the geek road trip movie Paul, starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost) to share his favorite movies with RT, which range from Truffaut to Allen to Fellini — auteurs whose works similarly explore the spaces between love, humor, and the painful glories of growing up. “I didn’t want to do an ironic list or just include movies I think sounded cool,” he said. “These are five movies that for whatever reasons I re-watch insanely, and informed me.”\n\n2001: A Space Odyssey (1968, 96% Tomatometer)\n\n\nMy parents took me to see it in a re-release — it came out in the ’60s and they re-released it in the early ’70s — and I was only seven years old, so it totally blew my mind. My parents, I think, were just completely bored and baffled by it, but I was obsessed with it. It stuck in my head, and every time it came on television I would watch it, and I saw it again in the theater as a teenager; I would go to see it whenever they revived it. It was just a movie I’ve watched a lot. I think part of the reason is…when I was a kid, I didn’t know what to make of it. It was so unlike what I’d been exposed to on TV, or by watching Disney films in the theater. It was so fascinating to me. It has a really unique status, which is in my mind like a big Hollywood epic movie about esoteric ideas — which had never really happened before that, and I don’t think it’s going to happen again. No one would ever spend that kind of money on a movie that big, and with that scope, and be that strange and slow and oblique and unexplained.\nSome people, of course, think it’s incredibly pretentious; I think the ideas in it are really fascinating. That Kubrick meticulousness is incredible. But part of what makes it a great movie, I think, is that as it proceeds it turns into this really intimate kind of horror-thriller — with HAL — and when I think, “Who’s a great writer who wrote in that style?,” I think Edgar Allan Poe in outer space. It becomes this real, psychological, bizarre, unexplainable thing about a murdering supercomputer! Those are some of the most handsome, greatest, cinematic scenes I’ve ever seen, so the fact that it was attached to this esoteric thing… To me, it works on so many levels. And the design, and the use of music…there’s nothing else quite like it.\n\n\n\nThe 400 Blows (1959, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nOne of the reasons this movie is important to me is that I’m a big fan of personal storytelling; people who tell their own stories and tell them vividly and honestly, and without sentimentality. It’s such a beautiful, naturalistic film, but unlike a lot of movies about children, it is devoid of sentimentality, but it’s also incredibly rich with emotion, which are two different things.\nIt’s a painful movie in a lot of ways, but it’s just never cheap. There’s nothing cheap about the depiction of that young man’s life. It’s also one of the best child performances I’ve ever seen in a movie, because he’s a very specific character, but there’s nothing about him that feels forced, or that the filmmakers are trying to make you like him or pity him in a phony way. Jean-Pierre Leaud clearly had something special that is fascinating to watch; he’s really funny and charming, but also it’s strange to see a child character depicted so richly — he’s got flaws, there are sh***y things about him, but he captures all of it.\n\n\n\nManhattan (1979, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI love Woody Allen‘s movies, and it’s hard for me to pick only one, but I’d pick Manhattan because so many of his films feel influenced by his heroes — you see some Bergman or Fellini or the Marx Brothers or whoever — and to me Manhattan is the one that most captures Woody. Even Annie Hall has bits of Amarcord in it; it’s a perfect movie, and it’s unique, but Manhattan seems to be the one where Woody does everything he does in his own particular way.\nOne of the things I love about his movies is the tension between the sort of romantic ideals versus his true skepticism about human nature. There’s always this push, this back and forth, about how he loves people and hates people; the misanthropy and the idealism fight each other constantly in the movie, and that’s why I think his films have a special quality. Manhattan has beautiful cinematography and the Gershwin music, and the characters are actually pretty dark and lost and restless, and unhappy. You mix it together and I find it really fascinating. I know some people are really creeped out by him and the girl, but we’ll skip over that.\n\n\n\nThe Godfather Part II (1974, 98% Tomatometer)\n\n\nI’m going Part Two only — I love Part One, but there’s something about the second film that takes the perfection of the first one and enriches it. Maybe it’s the novelistic detail, the flashback structure. I don’t know any other movie where the flashbacks are so long. I mean, the flashbacks aren’t just interspersed; they are entire long chapters of the movie. Somehow, with the contrast of the two stories unfolding — these two rich stories, the De Niro one and the Pacino one — all of the Shakespearean themes of the Godfather movies become so poignant. Also, it’s probably got the best cast of any American film, ever, down to every last character actor: Lee Strasberg is Hyman Roth; there’s this Fellini actor, Leopoldo Trieste — he’s in scenes with De Niro, and he was in Fellini’s first few films; and people like John Cazale, there’s no one better than him.\n\n\n\n8 ½ (1963, 100% Tomatometer)\n\n\nLike The 400 Blows it’s incredibly personal, but as opposed to naturalism it’s much more expressionist; the whole mix of reality, memory, and real fantasy — the character’s fantasy versus the movie fantasy that’s unfolding through the real-time story. The character being a director making a movie, and how it all gets jumbled together and mixed together … to me it creates this amazing concept, that a person’s identity isn’t just one fixed thing. It’s actually — and this is very Fellini-esque — like a carousel of several things that are just always changing and swapping around. You don’t only have one identity, you have several of them, and they’re always changing and you’re always trying to satisfy all of them. Hence, we’re never happy and we never get it right, and it’s all very confusing. But you know, for Fellini, 8 ½ is incredibly optimistic in its own humanistic viewpoint on the beauty of that, as opposed to being smothered and depressed by the realization that this character will never be satisfied and is always disappointing other people. There’s an embrace of the life around him that I find really beautiful. I guess people can say it’s sentimental, but I think he earns it by the end of the movie because it explores so many truthful, and often dark, corners of the human soul.\n\n\n&nbsp;\nAdventureland opens nationwide this Friday. Get the latest reviews and trailers here and check out more Five Favorite Films in our archive, including:\nFive Favorite Films with Anil Kapoor\nFive Favorite Films with Guillermo del Toro\nFive Favorite Films with Judd Apatow\nFive Favorite Films with Robert Pattinson\n&nbsp;\n\nThere can be few actors better suited to starring in a film about the golden age of British rock and roll than Bill Nighy. No wonder, then, that he’s front and centre as part of the ensemble cast of Richard Curtis‘ latest comedy, The Boat that Rocked. In it he’s the proprietor of the titular boat — a pirate radio station fictionalised from the many that escaped capture during the 60s by broadcasting from the sea.\nIt’s the latest in a long line of highly varied roles from one of Britain’s most beloved acting talents. He became a household name in 2003 when, alongside a starring role in the TV series State of Play, he was cast in vampire romp Underworld and as ageing rock star Billy Mack in Love, Actually. He’s rarely stopped since then with roles in the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels (if you didn’t catch him, he’s buried behind CGI and with a thick Scottish accent as Davy Jones), Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, Shaun of the Dead and Valkyrie.\nRT catches up with Nighy the day after the world premiere of The Boat that Rocked and he’s remembering a late night that involved hanging out with one of his heroes, Paul McCartney. His passion for music is evident is pretty-much any interview he gives, and as he chooses his five favourite films it’s incredibly obvious that a killer soundtrack has a big impact…\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Punch Drunk Love\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Mississippi Burning\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Performance\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bowfinger\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bringing Up Baby\n\n\n\n\n\nPunch Drunk Love\n“A relatively new film that went straight into my top five, I adore Punch Drunk Love, and I can almost recite it to you. It was on TV on a loop for a while, and it’s like The Godfather, you hit that film on TV and you stay there. There aren’t many, but you just stay there, thinking, ‘I could keep flipping, but there’s not actually going to be anything better than this,’ and it doesn’t matter that you’ve seen it sixteen times – you just dig it because it’s such high quality.\nI think Adam Sandler and Emily Watson are completely marvellous in it, and I didn’t know anything about Adam Sandler, I’ve never seen any of his other films, so I’ve only seen him in this. I love Paul Thomas Anderson, and I think it’s my favourite of his films. Possibly a controversial thing to say, as his other films are, perhaps, hipper, but I love the fact that it’s this fucked up love story. I love it stylistically, the jokes, the visual attitude of it and those funky links that he does. I love the apparent arbitrariness of the plot, which hinges on upon the fact that you get free air-miles with a particular brand of chocolate pudding, and I love the way it dovetails at the end.\nEveryone in it is magnificent, including Philip Seymour Hoffman, who’s in The Boat that Rocked and who is beautiful in Punch Drunk Love. Adam Sandler gives one of the greatest light entertainment performances I’ve ever seen. It’s a submerged light entertainment, it’s so integrated, so authentic in terms of naturalism, that you surprise yourself by laughing, because it’s so deadpan, so undercover in terms of comedy, and that’s my favourite thing of all time, the highest level. For the first twenty minutes you think you’re in art movie hell, but you’re not, so don’t panic.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n\nPunch Drunk Love\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Mississippi Burning\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Performance\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bowfinger\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bringing Up Baby\n\n\n\n\n\nMississippi Burning\n“It’s a movie where I have to stay there, just to get to the bit where Gene Hackman creeps up behind the bigot in the barbers and takes the cut-throat from the barber’s hand and continues the shave. The story is such a big and important story.\nI was asked recently, along with dozens of other people, to pick one film, by the BFI, to mark the 75th birthday of the British Film Institute. Which film would you leave for succeeding generations? There are many great art films but I chose Mississippi Burning because I figured that I would try to be responsible. I thought I could either be hip or responsible, and actually stick to the brief, and by succeeding generations, I assumed they meant the youth, young people, and I thought: “What’s the biggest issue in the world?” Apart from the way that drugs fuck everybody up, racism is the biggest thing. The newspaper is basically the story of what racism does, whether it’s religious prejudices, or tribal prejudices, or colour prejudice or whatever the fuck it is, but I think it’s the single most destructive element in our world and Mississippi Burning is a beautiful story of great courage. It shows individual and collective courage in that area, about people who took it on in a landmark situation and started to make great change possible.\nIt’s got one of the great cinema performances of all time, not that I’m given to superlatives, despite it being the second time I’ve said that, which is Gene Hackman. I could watch Gene Hackman all day long; he’s one of the people I most admire.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Punch Drunk Love\n\nMississippi Burning\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Performance\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bowfinger\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bringing Up Baby\n\n\n\n\n\nPerformance\n“It’s predictable, but Performance, the Donald Cammell movie, contains one of the great cinema performances from James Fox. Mick Jagger is in there too giving a very good performance, and I know that by heart too. The soundtrack is epic, it’s beautiful, including a great Mick Jagger song called “Turner’s Song: Memo from T” which is a great, great song with some beautiful lyrics. It’s just a film that I have a soft spot for.\nI always remember watching Mean Streets, which was the first time I ever heard a Stones song in a movie. It was on the jukebox in the club, Jumpin’ Jack Flash was the song, and it was shocking that the Rolling Stones would allow one of their songs to be in a movie. But Scorsese has always had them in there; he’s a man of taste. They have a long relationship, because the Stones don’t use to let just anybody use their songs, you’d never get a Rolling Stones song in your movie.\nI also enjoyed Shine a Light, I thought it was wonderful. I loved the guests, Christina Aguilera, my god! What is that? She’s got so much talent, she’s so brilliant, and she looks so beautiful. You can see Mick’s face; he looked like he was so happy. Not only is she sensationally beautiful, glamorous and sexy, but also she can really, really, really do it, and the two of them pumping out that song was just beautiful. I’ve never seen a man look more happy or more grateful than Jack White, standing there singing Loving Cup. If you ever want to see a portrait of a young man looking as happy as it’s possible for a young man to look, check out Jack White in Shine a Light. At one point they’ve both got a microphone, Mick’s got one, he’s got the other, but he can’t bear it, he rushes over and shares a mic with Mick, because you know he wants to be able to say, “I shared a mic with Mick.” Then at the end he shakes everybody’s hand, Charlie, Keith and everybody, and if he was a dog he’d wag himself to death. If he’d had nine tails, it wouldn’t have been enough.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Punch Drunk Love\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Mississippi Burning\n\nPerformance\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bowfinger\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bringing Up Baby\n\n\n\n\n\nBowfinger\n“Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy make me laugh out loud. Eddie Murphy makes me laugh generally speaking, Steve Martin makes me laugh, I love him with all my heart, and the combination was just beautiful. At the end when Eddie Murphy begins to believe the things that have been weirdly happening to him are in fact true, and that he might save the universe, it always makes me laugh out loud. I love the fact that he comes in and says to Steve Martin at one point “Guess who I had intercourse with last night?” which always makes me smile.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Punch Drunk Love\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Mississippi Burning\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Performance\n\nBowfinger\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bringing Up Baby\n\n\n\n\n\nBringing Up Baby\n“With Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn, I have to stay there. I don’t know how people can act that quick. I’m a big fan of quick acting, and i’m going to try to build it into my career from now on – I’ve been thinking about it for a while now. I think in the old days, everybody used to act really quickly because Hollywood was built by theatre people. And I don’t believe that cinema is a non-verbal medium, I believe people should have t-shirts made with, “Cinema is a not a non-verbal medium,” because I don’t know how that entered the language – it’s from people who can’t write presumably. I don’t believe that, in some way, having a theatrical background should exclude you from the movies, which was a fashionable thing in the 1970s. It’s ludicrous given that Hollywood is built by mostly European theatre people.\nYou can’t speak any quicker than Cary Grant speaks in most of his movies – it’s really cool – and everybody gets everything, nothing misses. I love to watch those two together, because they’re dry, they’re witty, they’re fuuny and it’s romantic, and they get together in the end.\nI’d have said The Godfather, because it is one of the greatest films ever made, but it’s too obvious! I also like to watch Sign of the Times with Prince, because he does the splits whilst playing the guitar and comes back up on the backbeat, and anyone who can do that is good enough for me. Also The Last Detail, with Jack Nicholson and Randy Quaid, which is a marvellous movie, and all those 70s movies like Dog Day Afternoon with the young Al Pacino. If you haven’t seen it, check it out. The Servant with James Fox and Dirk Bogarde is another great English film, that if you want to see two halves of the 60s British films, check out Performance with James Fox and check out Le Serpent with James Fox, and then you get a pretty good idea; both ends of the spectrum.”\n\n\nClick on a thumbnail below.\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Punch Drunk Love\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Mississippi Burning\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Performance\n&lt;br\n/&gt;Bowfinger\n\nBringing Up Baby\n\n\nThe Boat That Rocked is out now in the UK. It’s released in Australia on 9th April and in the US on 28th August.\n                                            \n                \n            ","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"women, canceled, TruTV, monsters, TV, batman","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/BillNighy.jpg","slug":"five-favourite-films-with-bill-nighy"},{"id":"47509116203751","title":"Box Office: Frozen Can’t Cool Catching Fire","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Frozen Can't Cool Catching FireDisney's animated latest opens well but The Hunger Games stays on top.by Gitesh Pandya | December 1, 2013 |  CommentsTwo dishes cannibalized the long Thanksgiving holiday box office as tentpole holdover The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and the new animated blockbuster Frozen dominated the attention and wallets of audiences selling a jaw-dropping $200M+ worth of tickets over the five-day Wednesday-to-Sunday period. They generated the two largest grosses ever seen for this holiday frame and accounted for two-thirds of all spending on all films this long weekend. Other new releases found it very hard to breathe and were left with scraps.Retaining its position at number one for the second time, Catching Fire was red hot and held up better than other major book sequels have during this holiday weekend. The new Hunger Games movie collected an estimated $74.5M over three days (Friday-to-Sunday) and a gargantuan $110.2M over the five-day span. Both figures set new records for Thanksgiving beating the $57.5M and $82.4M of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone from 2001 when the first wizard movie was in its second weekend. Ticket prices, of course, were lower back then. Fire’s cume after ten-plus days is a mammoth $296.5M. A domestic final close to the $408M of its predecessor is likely.The new Games fell by 53% from its November record opening which was a remarkable hold since recent Twilight and Harry Potter films suffered 60-70% tumbles in the exact same situation. When Catching Fire opened last weekend amid deafening hype and grossed just a tick above the first film’s debut, it seemed disappointing since much more was expected. But those fans who didn’t make it out on the first weekend certainly came on the sophomore frame as the ten-day cume (including Thursday night shows before opening day) is the third highest in box office history trailing only The Avengers ($373.1M including 3D surcharges) and The Dark Knight ($313.8M).Overseas where there has been more audience growth between the two installments, Catching Fire has caught $276.5M to date pushing the current global tally to a massive $573M. The pair of Katniss flicks have now grossed a stunning $1.26 billion worldwide with much more to come from the rest of Fire’s run plus two Mockingjay films set for release over the next two Novembers.The other big juggernaut sucking up all the dollars and attention in the multiplexes was Disney’s newest animated feature Frozen which also enjoyed a record-breaking debut. The PG-rated film bowed to an estimated $66.7M over three days and $93M across five days with both figures breaking the records for largest Thanksgiving opening ever. The milestone had been held since 1999 by Toy Story 2 which captured $57.4M in three days and $80.1M in five days. Of course, higher ticket prices and 3D surcharges helped Elsa and Anna beat Woody and Buzz.Disney often uses the turkey frame to launch a major kidpic but the results this time were beyond spectacular. The three-day take nearly matched the $68.7M five-day debut of the studio’s Tangled from 2010 which went on to a final gross that was three times its long weekend debut. Should Frozen play in a similar fashion – and several factors indicate that it will – the sister tale may just flirt with the $300M mark by the end of this holiday season. Playing in 3,742 locations, Frozen averaged a fantastic $17,828 per theater over the Friday-to-Sunday period. Add in five days of an exclusive run in L.A. with higher ticket prices and the cume is $93.4M.Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the well-reviewed toon a glowing A+ grade which indicates great buzz will carry this forward. And with virtually no competition until mid-January it will be the top choice for kids for weeks to come while word-of-mouth may broaden the audience over time too. Studio research showed that the crowd was 57% female, 58% 25 and under, and 81% families.In its fourth weekend, Marvel super hero pic Thor: The Dark World collected an estimated $11.1M, off 22%, for a domestic haul of $186.7M surpassing the $181M of its 2011 predecessor. Disney’s worldwide tally climbed to an impressive $591.1M with $404.4M (68%) coming from outside of North America. Fellow sequel The Best Man Holiday slipped 32% to an estimated $8.5M bumping Universal’s cume to a solid $63.4M.Fast &amp; Furious 7 star Jason Statham’s latest offering Homefront debuted in fifth place with an estimated $7M from 2,570 locations for a weak $2,712 average. The five-day score for Open Road was $9.8M and the performance was close to the $7M non-holiday debut of the actor’s Parker from January. Vince Vaughn’s comedy Delivery Man held up well in its second weekend but still has brought in modest numbers. The Disney release slipped 13% to an estimated $6.9M for a $19.5M total after ten days.A couple of new wide releases with mixed reviews followed with each taking a small slice of the overall Thanksgiving pie. The period drama The Book Thief expanded nationwide going from 70 to 1,234 sites and grossed an estimated $4.9M for a dull $3,930 average for Fox. The five-day gross was $6.4M and the cume is $7.9M. Black Nativity, the musical drama starring Jennifer Hudson, Forest Whitaker, Angela Bassett, Tyrese Gibson, and Mary J. Blige did not draw much of a crowd opening to an estimated $3.9M over three days and $5M over five. The PG-rated pic averaged a weak $2,559 from 1,516 theaters over the Friday-to-Sunday period.The well-reviewed Judi Dench film Philomena went wide into 835 theaters (from 4) and found itself with an estimated $3.8M for a mediocre average of $4,538. The PG-13 (on appeal) film has banked $4.8M to date for The Weinstein Co. The CBS hit Last Vegas grossed an estimated $2.8M, down 36%, upping its sum to $58.7M.Moviegoers had no interest in Spike Lee’s American remake of Oldboy which debuted to an estimated $850,000 from 583 sites for a pitiful $1,458 average. Reviews were not so great for the FilmDistrict release which had $1.3M in sales since its Wednesday launch. Opening such a dark story over a holiday weekend when audiences demand happy and cheery films was a big gamble from the day it got moved from its previous release date of October 25.Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom had a promising start with an estimated $100,000 from only four theaters for a solid platform average of $25,077. Reviews were somewhat good for the film, but marks were stellar for Idris Elba’s acting performance as the South African leader.The top ten films grossed an estimated $190M which was down 4% from last year’s Thanksgiving frame when tentpole The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 stayed at number one with $43.6M; but up 28% from 2011 when Breaking Dawn Part 1 remained in the top spot with $41.7M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Trek, DC, composers, Rocketman, who, festival","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Frozen-Cant-Cool-Catching-Fire"},{"id":"47509228179200","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Bryan Singer Teaches X-Men: First Class","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Bryan Singer Teaches X-Men: First ClassPlus, Mel Gibson in jail, and a new film from Studio Ghibli.by Greg Dean Schmitz | December 18, 2009 |  CommentsThis Week’s Ketchup includes director news for X-Men: First Class, remake news for The Brood, The Borrowers and The Creature from the Black Lagoon, and new roles for Leonardo DiCaprio, Mel Gibson, Laurence Fishburne, Tina Fey and Steve Carell.FRESH DEVELOPMENTS#1 BRYAN SINGER CONFIRMED TO BE TEACHING THE X-MEN: FIRST CLASSBryan Singer ended a few months of speculation this week by confirming that he will be directing X-Men: First Class, the 20th Century Fox prequel which shows the teen years of several of the characters from earlier X-Men movies when they were first students at Charles Xavier’s School for Gifted Students. First up for the director, however, is likely to be Jack the Giant Killer, a modern take on the classic fairy tale for New Line Cinema. In the meantime, the script for X-Men: First Class is being rewritten from scratch for Singer by Jamie Moss (cowriter of 2008’s Street Kings). In other Marvel movie news, the casting of Thor continued with Rene Russo, who will be playing Frigga, the Norse goddess who is the mother of Thor, and wife to Odin, played by Sir Anthony Hopkins. Also joining Thor in unknown roles are Joseph Gatt (from the God of War II videogame), Troy Brenna (Avilas from Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and Josh Coxx (Lt. David Corwin from Babylon 5).#2 MEL GIBSON’S MEXICAN PRISON STINT ISN’T BECAUSE HE’S MAKING A LEONARDO DICAPRIO VIKING MOVIEThis was a busy week for Mel Gibson, who got both a new directing gig as well as an acting one. First up is an untitled Vikings project which will star Leonardo DiCaprio as one of the Vikings. William Monahan (The Departed, Kingdom of Heaven) is writing the Viking script, which will be produced by Gibson’s Icon Productions without studio backing, with filming expected to start in 2010; no details are known yet about what the Vikings story will actually be about. Variety reports that DiCaprio will be wearing “Viking horns,” but it’s possible that was a typo since Vikings didn’t actually wear helmets with horns. As for Gibson’s acting gig, the movie is called How I Spent My Summer Vacation, and it’s a script that Gibson himself wrote. The action drama will star Mel Gibson as “a career criminal who gets caught by Mexican authorities and is sent to a drug and crime filled prison, where he learns to survive with the help of a 9-year-old boy.” How I Spent My Summer Vacation is only Gibson’s third script, after The Passion of the Christ and Apocalypto, and the first that he won’t be directing himself. That job will instead go to Adrian Grunberg, who was Gibson’s first assistant director on Apocalypto and will be making his solo directing debut with this movie. Filming of How I Spent My Summer Vacation will start in March, 2010 at locations in San Diego and in Veracruz, Mexico, which was also where Gibson filmed Apocalypto.#3 HAYAO MIYAZAKI’S STUDIO GHIBLI REMAKING THE BORROWERSStudio Ghibli, the Japanese animation studio founded by acclaimed director Hayao Miyazaki has announced their next release, and it’s based on the Mary Norton children’s novel The Borrowers, which was also adapted in 1997 as a live-action movie starring John Goodman. Karigurashi no Arrietty (The Borrower Arrietty) will be the directorial debut of Yonebayashi Hiromasa, who has worked as a key animator on Spirited Away, Howl’s Moving Castle and Ponyo. The theme song has been cowritten and will be performed by the French Celtic harpist/singer Cecile Corbel and is being released as a single in Japan this weekend, leading up to the release of the movie in Japan next summer, 2010. For this animated version, the setting of the story is being changed from 1950s England to modern day Tokyo, and it tells the story of a 14 year old girl named Arrietty who belongs to a race of tiny people called Borrowers and lives with her parents under the floorboards of a house of big people (or at least, that’s the story of the book the movie is based upon). If The Borrower Arrietty follows the pattern of other Studio Ghibli movies, it stands a good chance of being picked up by Walt Disney Pictures for release in the United States (although usually that’s at least what they do with Studio Ghibli movies directed by Hayao Miyazaki).#4 DREAMWORKS ANIMATING VAMPIRE, WEREWOLF AND ZOMBIE ACTION AT GIL’S ALL FRIGHT DINERDreamWorks Animation has hired screenwriters Ethan Reiff and Cyrus Voris, who wrote 2003’s Bulletproof Monk, and received story credit for both Kung Fu Panda and Ridley Scott’s upcoming Robin Hood, to adapt Gil’s All Fright Diner, based upon the novel of the same title by A. Lee Martinez. Gil’s All Night Fright Diner is the story of a vampire and a werewolf who are engaged in a battle to save the world from zombies after they stop at a diner in a desert that they discover is a conduit for the supernatural. DreamWorks liked “the odd couple aspect of the story, this vampire and werewolf who team to save the world from an ancient demon and his modern ally, a high school cheerleader who wants to be famous.” The director for the animated project will be Barry Sonnenfeld, who will be making his animated debut after working on such live action movies as Men in Black, Men in Black II, The Addams Family, The Addams Family Values and Wild Wild West.#5 MORPHEUS WAKES UP ON THE PLANET OF PREDATORSLaurence Fishburne has joined the cast of Predators as a mysterious character named Roland that is discovered to have been living for years on the dangerous tropical planet that the Predators use as a sort of wildlife hunting preserve. The latest addition to the reserve is a group of killers that includes the already cast Adrien Brody, Topher Grace and Danny Trejo. Predators is currently being filmed at producer Robert Rodriguez’s Austin studio by director Nimrod Antal (Vacancy, Armored). 20th Century Fox will be releasing this third movie in the franchise (not counting the AVP movies) on July 7, 2010.#6 HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL DIRECTOR TAKING IT TO THE HEIGHTSDirector Kenny Ortega (Michael Jackson’s This Is It, the High School Musical movies) has signed with Universal for their adaptation of the Tony-winning Broadway musical In the Heights. Lin-Manuel Miranda, who composed and wrote the musical and also starred in it will also star in and produce the movie adaptation, and Quiara Alegria Hudes, who wrote the play’s book is writing the screenplay. In the Heights is an ensemble cast musical set across three days in the Dominican-American neighborhood of Washington Heights in New York City, and features a blend of hip hop, salsa, merengue and soul music. The play was also the winner of 4 prizes at the 2008 Tony Awards: Best Musical, Best Original Score Written for the Theatre, Best Choreography and Best Orchestrations.#7 TINA FEY ORDERING STEVE CARELL AS A MAIL-ORDER GROOMTina Fey and Steve Carell, who are costarring together this April in Date Night, are expected to star in Mail-Order Groom, a Warner Bros romantic comedy about a lonely woman who ends up with an Eastern European husband she brings to the United States. There’s no director for the project yet, and if it is to happen in 2010, it will have to be while both Fey and Carell are on hiatus from starring in 30 Rock and The Office. That, however, wasn’t the only deal that Warner Bros cooked up this week involving Steve Carell, as the studio also purchased an untitled spec script for $2+ million by Dan Fogelman (Fred Claus; cowriter of Bolt) that is said to have a tone similar to Love Actually. The untitled story is about “a father whose life unravels while he deals with a marital crisis and tries to manage his relationship with his children.”#8 TYLER LAUTNER GOING ON VACATION IN CANCUNSummit Entertainment is once again teaming up with Taylor Lautner, one of the young stars of The Twilight Saga: New Moon, on a movie called Cancun which Lautner will produce and star in. Cancun is an action script by Eric Champnella (cowriter of Mr. 3000) and Grant Thompson (debut) about a college kid who goes on a spring break vacation in Cancun, Mexico with his girlfriend, where she and her friends are kidnapped by a drug cartel and he is forced to save them. The script was chosen in part because it is an opportunity for Lautner to show off his martial arts abilities. Filming is expected to start by June, 2010 before Lautner starts filming in the fall as Jacob in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn. This story almost was labeled a Rotten Idea, but the Twilight kids have spent so much time there over the last month that I figured I’d give Taylor the week off (it’s probably still a Rotten Idea anyway).ROTTEN IDEAS OF THE WEEK#2 PARAMOUNT ON THE TRAIL TO TOMBSTONE FOR THE FURTHER ADVENTURES OF DOC HOLLIDAYParamount Pictures has picked up a spec script called The Further Adventures of Doc Holliday by screenwriter Chad St. John, who doesn’t yet have a produced movie to his credit, but who has also worked on the future-set version of Sgt. Rock (also a Rotten Idea a few weeks back) and the remake of Outland. The approach of this Doc Holliday movie is to turn the real life “tuberculosis-ridden gunfighter” (played famously by Val Kilmer in Tombstone) into the star of a history-based action adventure in the style of Pirates of the Caribbean. The comparison probably comes in no small part because of the similarities between the characters of Doc Holliday and Jack Sparrow, who are both rogueish types with unhealthy lifestyles and complexions (and bad teeth). This story is a Rotten Idea because the idea of turning Doc Holliday into a family movie action hero just seems patently wrong on so many levels.#1 UPDATES FOR THE BROOD AND CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON REMAKESEarlier this year, director Breck Eisner (Sahara) left Universal’s remake of The Creature from the Black Lagoon to concentrate on his upcoming remake of George Romero’s The Crazies. The studio has now, however, found another director the project in the form of Carl Rinsch, a commercials director who will be making his feature length debut with Universal’s 47 Ronin, in which Keanu Reeves will be playing a Japanese samurai warrior. Eisner, however, is still very much continuing to remake horror movies, as he has now signed on to remake David Cronenberg’s The Brood, about a woman who gives asexual birth to a group of murderous young children. As for The Creature from the Black Lagoon, the studio is currently looking for a new screenwriter, and they have time to find one as Rinsch works on 47 Ronin. This makes the Rotten Ideas list because Universal’s track record with reviving their classic monsters is not particularly great, and The Brood doesn’t really need to be remade, as it is still quite creepy in that classic Cronenberg way.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS through his MySpace page or via a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"blockbuster, series, 2019, TV, italian","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Bryan-Singer-Teaches-XMen-First-Class"},{"id":"47509228168957","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Sam Mendes “Consulting” on Bond 23","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"GoT, documentaries, SXSW, Tomatazos, tv, movie, Nominations, LGBTQ, Mystery, on, science","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"article"},{"id":"47508681543478","title":"Hear Us Out: Swamp Thing Was Cancelled Too Soon and They Should Bring It Back","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Hear Us Out: Swamp Thing Was Cancelled Too Soon and They Should Bring It BackFor the love of plant-based creatures, we need more seasons of The CW's newest hit!by Erik Amaya | October 19, 2020 |  CommentsThis might sound strange considering it just premiered on The CW, but the network and Warner Bros. Television should bring back Swamp Thing.We’ll be honest, we were big fans of the series when it debuted on the DC Universe streaming service last year. Both feeling like a proper Swamp Thing comic and the “mature readers” line of comics it spawned in the 1990s, it took its subject seriously and began building out a fascinating world for Swamp Thing and his true love, Dr. Abby Arcane (Crystal Reed), to explore. Oh, also, it was not afraid to introduce a relationship between a woman and a plant-based creature. Its mixture of gothic romance and horror set it apart from the other offerings on the service and just about every other DC show Warner Bros. Television had in production at the time. Then, it was over before it even really began.So we’re definitely pleased to see people are finally discovering the magic in the swamps around Marais, Louisiana, thanks to The CW’s rebroadcast of the series.Which means it’s time for Warner Television and The CW to hear us out: We need more Swamp Thing. But before we can make our case, let’s look back on what happened to the show in the first place.The Fall and Rise of Swamp ThingAs part of the original DC Universe lineup – which include the live action Titans, Doom Patrol, Stargirl and the animated Young Justice and Harley Quinn, a lot of money was poured into the series. Battlestar Galactica’s Mark Verheiden took on the task of developing the series and an expensive swamp set was built near Wilmington, North Carolina. As opposed to the previous Swamp Thing series, this new version would focus on Abby and her experiences coming back to her hometown and facing a “swampborne” virus.At least, that was the initial pitch.Reed was soon cast as Abby and the ensemble filled out with Maria Sten, Will Patton, Henderson Wade, and Kevin Durand all playing characters from various Swamp Thing stories. Virginia Madsen and Jennifer Beals played characters made for the series to round out its world while Jeryl Prescott and Ian Ziering signed up to become the first live action versions of Madame Xanadu and Blue Devil – DC Characters with their own supernatural histories. Meanwhile, Derek Mears was cast in the title role with Andy Bean as Swamp Thing’s human form, Dr. Alec Holland.As DC Universe went live, production began, but trouble soon followed once it, DC Universe, and the whole of Warner Bros. empire became part of the AT&amp;T family. The newly reformatted WarnerMedia took stock of its assets and Swamp Thing seemed something of an outlier. In April 2019, the last three episodes were slashed from the order forcing a brief production pause so Verheiden and his staff could turn episode 10 into a season finale. Some reports suggested creative differences were to blame while others pointed to a miscalculated tax credit as the cause of the fuss.(Photo by 2020 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved.)Then the first episode streamed on DC Universe that May. But before the second could reach fans, DC Universe pulled the plug. No clear reason was given —&nbsp;beyond the first inkling that DC Universe would not be long for this world — and the stories of creative tension and budget shortfalls sprang up again. Some pointed to that swamp set and its price tag as being too rich for the new bosses. In any event, it was clear the series didn’t fit with the already-brewing vision of a Warner streaming service which would emerge as HBO Max, and so it was the only DC Universe scripted series to get the axe.It is ironic then, that Swamp Thing’s CW premiere&nbsp;would vault into the broadcast top 10 its&nbsp;&nbsp;week.In a curious twist of fate, The CW acquired the broadcast rights to the series early last summer. Due to the worldwide pandemic, the network decided to postpone all of its usual fall offerings to 2021 as it was clear production could not resume in time for the customary October premieres. In lieu of The Flash and Legacies, The CW hoped Swamp Thing and the Canadian drama&nbsp;Coroner could fill the gap. So far, the bet is paying off with Swamp Thing’s 90-minute premiere earning a 0.2 rating with 1.1 million viewers – reportedly the best numbers the network has seen in its timeslot since May.And considering the show just gets better with each episode, it is entirely possible Swamp Thing could become a hit The CW would want more of in the years ahead. Network president Mark Pedowitz suggested last May a discussion between the network and Warner Bros. Television could happen under the right circumstances. Granted, putting a second season&nbsp;together would be as big of a challenge as designing a quality Swamp Thing TV show in the first place.The Challenge of The Swamp ThingUnfortunately, the biggest hurdle the show would face is the replication of all those start-up costs. That swamp set and the Swamp Thing costume are the two most impressive elements of the production. The suit, a practical effect augmented with some CGI, no doubt exists in the Warner archive. But even just a year’s time in storage could make the suit unusable, necessitating the creation of a new one. Also, that set broke the bank, as it was built for a three-season concept. It wouldn’t surprise us to learn the production intended to amortize the cost over those years.Of course, The CW can always find ways to save money even without requiring the production to move to Vancouver (although a move next door to Black Lightning in Atlanta would be likely). Then there’s the cast, who were released from their contracts long ago. While the key trio — Reed, Mears, and Bean —&nbsp;may be available, actors like Patton, Madsen, Prescott, and Beals are&nbsp;always&nbsp;working. Not everyone who appeared in the first season is required to tell the continuing saga of the Swamp Thing, a good number of them are still needed to keep Marais a recognizable town. And as CW viewers will see across the next few weeks, Marais is as important to Swamp Thing as “toitle soup.”On the creative end, it is always possible those reported differences would keep Verheiden and his writers far away from a second season, but such things can always be smoothed over.Beyond their availability, drawing up new contracts for the production team and on-screen talent would also, no doubt, drive up the budget. But, surely, if The CW wants it, they can figure out a way — even if it means we have to lose, say, Ziering and his Blue Devil to make it work. As long as the key dynamic between Abby, Swamp Thing, and the town survives the transition, even an economical Swamp Thing is worth making.The Worthiness of Swamp ThingAnd that’s the thing, Swamp Thing is worth continuing. Mears (and Bean) proved to be the best possible version of the character. The two actors worked together to create a performance in concert which allowed the show to execute scenes with Swamp Thing and Alec switching places in Abby’s mind on the fly. Also, as much as we loved Dick Durock in the Swamp Thing films and USA series, Mears excelled at bringing the terror and the tenderness of the character to life through a rubber mask, special effects, and tough filming conditions. He deserves the chance to do it again. The same goes for Reed, who is a great series anchor whether having beers with a friend or facing an unspeakable horror in the swamp.Also, without spoiling things for viewers who haven’t seen the whole season yet, there are at least two incredible cliffhangers we need to see resolved — one of which concerns the arrival of a true physical adversary for Swamp Thing.(Photo by © 2020 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved.)So where could the series go if it continued? If the first season asks — and answers — a key question about Swamp Thing’s existence, Season 2 would revolve around what that answer means to him and Abby (while dealing with that new adversary, of course). How do they continue their relationship with this new understanding? It is an idea writer Alan Moore (and artists like Stephen Bissette) explored in a celebrated run on the Swamp Thing comic during the 1980s. He took it to a trippy and poetic extreme in issue #34, a story still talked about to this day. And though an adaptation of it may have been designed for that proposed third season, the “Rite of Spring” was always part of the promise of the show once it decided to play up the romance angle. It might be wildly different for broadcast, but we’d still love to see the series attempt it.Another part of the show’s promise is Abby and Swamp Thing’s daughter Tefe. And though&nbsp;Susie Coyle (Elle Graham) seems inspired by the character, actually telling the story of how they became parents could be groundbreaking for The CW — especially if they import John Constantine (Matt Ryan) from DC’s Legends of Tomorrow to fulfill his role in those events. In some ways, it is the most unlikely crossover and the one viewers deserve the most. Beyond that, though, is the chance to see the show pivot from romance to a family drama.Meanwhile, there is also a deeper ecological theme the show can investigate with the notion of the Green — a concept Swamp Thing introduces to Abby during the first season — and his part in it. There is also the eventual fate of Matt Cable (Wade), outside agencies coming into the swamp to find its rumored guardian, the secrets Abby’s managed to keep from her friends, and, of course, a certain relative of hers who is completely absent from the first season.It is genuinely great material with the potential to bridge the gap between the network’s superheroes, its primetime soap past, and its horror-tinged shows like Legacies and Nancy Drew. And now that we think about it, Supernatural is ending and Swamp Thing could partially fill the Winchester gap in The CW’s schedule. Well, at least for&nbsp;10 weeks out of the year — there’s no way Swamp Thing could maintain its quality with a 22-episode season.The Justice League Dark&nbsp;of It All(Photo by DC Comics)Of course, Swamp Thing’s future on television may have already been decided. In April 2020, J.J. Abrams signed on to develop an HBO Max series based on DC’s Justice League Dark comic book. Its premise sees characters like John Constantine, the magician Zatanna, Madame Xanadu, and Swamp Thing tackling mystical crimes the superheroes of the mainline Justice League just can’t handle. Details are scarce, so it is unclear which of DC mystical characters are part of the team, but there’s definitely room for Swamp Thing; in fact, making him part of ensemble is a more economical way of keeping him alive on TV.The catch with that, though, is losing Abby, Liz (Sten) Woodrow (Durand), and the strange world Swamp Thing conjured into existence during its too-brief life. It might also mean losing Mears as Swamp Thing. The unique magic of this cast and crew is very much the thing we’d want to preserve in a second season. We’d much rather see that then Swamp Thing leave Marais for a team scenario.And if he must be on a team, can’t he be a Legend?Swamp Thing season 1 airs Tuesdays at 8/7C on The CW.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"the, Endgame, SundanceTV, shows","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/19120250/swamp-thing-S1_keyart-600x314.jpg","slug":"hear-us-out-we-want-more-swamp-thing"},{"id":"47508834053317","title":"Five Favorite Films with Olympia Dukakis","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Olympia Dukakisby Grae Drake | February 2, 2015 |  CommentsOlympia Dukakis, revered star of stage and screen, stars in A Little Game, a new coming-of-age adventure film currently on VOD and DVD. Each of Dukakis’ five favorite films is a freshly-rated classic (we would expect no less!). Most of the films listed here can be used as a starter pad to launch your own stretch of fine foreign film viewing. Enjoy.Doctor Zhivago (David Lean, 1965)  84%I love the book so much. The fact that in spite of the disasters of life, it asks you to keep choosing life, to risk love and risk caring about your work and risk that. I was very moved by that, really moved by that.Miracle of Milan (Vittorio De Sica, 1951)  100%It’s a great movie, Italian, post-Second World War. These are all going to be foreign films. Miracle of Milan, I can’t even remember the plot, but when you asked me my favorite films, it just hit me again. It’s a story out of the wreckage of the Second World War, and the people finding a way and a reason to go forward. And that’s why it’s called a miracle.RT: I sense a theme.I just realized it myself.Life of Pi (Ang Lee, 2012)  86%This is a fabulous film. I’ve seen it, like, six times.RT: It’s so beautiful. Have you read the book?No. The movie is so visual, and all of the different episodes and magical aspects of it make me afraid to.Seven Samurai (Akira Kurosawa, 1954)  100%Kurosawa, my God. I saw that film and I left the theater and I thought, “When I grow up I wanna be a samurai.” I just love it, I think it’s great. Kurosawa, you can’t get any better. Do you remember Ran?RT: Absolutely.The scene where there’s fighting and the camera angle is above them, overlooking the battle field. Richard Shickel — the critic, he’s semi-retired — he did a lot of shows on television and bios. He interviewed him. We were talking about Ran one day and he interviewed Kurosawa and asked him about that scene where the battle is happening but you can’t hear it. Kurosawa said the gods don’t hear us. They see us but they don’t really hear us. I found that very powerful.Jules and Jim (François Truffaut, 1962)  93%Oh my God, how could I forget it? Jules and Jim. It’s that one with that very famous French actress, [yells at her husband to look up the name] Jeanne Moreau! I had never seen acting by a woman that way. She was so layered and complicated, and she threw things away that other actresses would nurture for a whole film. Do you know when I saw that movie — I saw it by myself — in the middle of it, it was so overwhelming I had to walk back and watch it from the back of the theater. I couldn’t just sit in my chair. It was so wonderfully honest and complex about relationships between men and women. And you saw aspects of her that were really dark that came out, as opposed to the stuff that was coming out back then.A Little Game is now available on VOD and DVD. It also stars Ralph Macchio, Janeane Garofalo, and Rachel Dratch.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"thirty, Marathons, Election, spanish, cults, Kimmy, Festival","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/Five-Favorite-Films-with-Olympia-Dukakis.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-olympia-dukakis"},{"id":"47509043094592","title":"Video: Emilia Clarke Chooses Her Terminator Hands","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Emilia Clarke Chooses Her Terminator Handsby Grae Drake | July 2, 2015 |  CommentsTerminator Genisys, directed by Alan Taylor, produced by Dana Goldberg and David Ellison, and starring Emilia Clarke and Jai Courtney, features symbolism, murderous machines, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"poppins, live, Channel, Lucasfilm, Tomatazos, Opinion, DC, Amazon, Writers, awards, Rock, tv, psycho, mockumentary","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Terminator-Cast.jpg","slug":"video-emilia-clarke-chooses-her-terminator-hands"},{"id":"47508757441991","title":"The Boss Strains for Laughs","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Boss Strains for LaughsPlus, Hardcore Henry is over the top, for better or worse, and Everybody Wants Some!! is Certified Fresh.by Ryan Fujitani and Tim Ryan | April 7, 2016 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a penance-seeking tycoon (The Boss, starring Melissa McCarthy&nbsp;and Kristen Bell), an amnesiac super-soldier (Hardcore Henry, starring Sharlto Copley&nbsp;and Haley Bennett), and hard-partying ballplayers (Everybody Wants Some!!, starring Blake Jenner&nbsp;and Ryan Guzman). What do the critics have to say?The Boss (2016)  21%At her best — in films like Bridesmaids and Spy — for example — Melissa McCarthy is as funny as anyone in the movies. But there’s only so much she can do with mediocre material, and critics say The Boss — about a cutthroat tycoon who seeks redemption working with Girl Scouts after a stint in jail — is unnecessarily crude, narratively slack, and unworthy of its star or supporting cast (which includes Kristen Bell and Peter Dinklage, among others).Hardcore Henry (2016)  52%Movies have been borrowing from the visual language of video games for years, but Hardcore Henry takes things to their logical conclusion: it’s a nearly plotless series of action scenes shot from a first-person perspective. Critics are split as to whether this experiment in cinematic gimmickry works; suffice it to say that while some are impressed with Hardcore Henry‘s adrenaline-junkie pacing and inventiveness, others find it to be a numbing, vertiginous blast of pointless mayhem.Everybody Wants Some!! (2016)  87%Everybody Wants Some!!, Richard Linklater‘s freewheeling comedy about a party-hearty college baseball team, goes wide this week after earning strong reviews in limited release. Critics say that while this nostalgic 1980s period piece doesn’t have much of a plot, that’s actually one of its strengths — as with other Linklater classics like Slacker and Before Sunrise, it captures the rhythms of life in a way that feels absolutely authentic.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Neon Bull (Boi Neon) (2016) , a&nbsp;Brazilian drama about the lives and dreams of nomadic rodeo workers, is at 100 percent. The Invitation (2016) , starring Michiel Huisman and Tammy Blanchard in a thriller about a man who is invited to a dinner party hosted by his ex-wife and her new husband, but suspects dark ulterior motives, is at 94 percent. Vita Activa: The Spirit of Hannah Arendt (2016) , a docucumentary about the German-Jewish philosopher behind the concept of “the banality of evil,” is at 86 percent. High Strung (2016) , a musical drama about the artistic and personal collaboration between a ballet dancer and a street musician, is at 80 percent. Look at Us Now, Mother! (2016) , in which a documentarian seeks to reconcile with her difficult&nbsp;mother, is at 71 percent. Louder Than Bombs (2016) , starring&nbsp;Jessie Eisenberg and Isabelle Huppert in a drama about a celebrated war photographer whose death still haunts her family, is at 61 percent. 11 Minutes (11 Minut) (2016) , an ensemble drama that follows 11 minutes in the lives of several people, is at 56 percent. Demolition (2016) , starring&nbsp;Jake Gyllenhaal and Naomi Watts in a&nbsp;dramedy about a bereaved man who confronts his grief by breaking things,&nbsp;is at 54 percent. Mr. Right (2016) , starring Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell in an action comedy about a woman who falls in love with a vigilante hitman, is at 40 percent. One More Time (When I Live My Life Over Again) (2016) , starring&nbsp;Christopher Walken and Amber Heard in a dramedy about an aspiring rocker who lives in the shadow of her father’s professional success, is at 38 percent.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"new, 24, book, laika, high, of, Prime, Larson, sag, Song, school","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/06201434/TheBossCC.jpg","slug":"the-boss"},{"id":"47508802506627","title":"Critical Consensus: Game Plan Fumbles, Kingdom is Overthrown, Feast  Is Semi-Appetizing, Elah Worth a Visit","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: Game Plan Fumbles, Kingdom is Overthrown, Feast Is Semi-Appetizing, Elah Worth a VisitWhat the critics are saying about this week's crop of movies.by Alex Vo | September 27, 2007 |  CommentsThis week at the movies we have parenting quarterbacks (TheGame Plan, starringThe Rock),FBI agents (TheKingdom, starringJamie Foxx andJenniferGarner), lonely citizens (Feastof Love, starringGreg Kinnearand RadhaMitchell), and one angry father (Inthe Valley of Elah, starringTommy LeeJones and Charlize Theron).&nbsp; What speaketh the critics?After generating middling box office returns for films likeDoom, Walking Tall,and The Rundown,Dwayne \"The Rock\" Johnson takes a career readjustment into comedy.&nbsp; In The Game Plan,Johnson plays a high-flying quarterback whose bachelor lifestyle is interruptedwhen he’s suddenly confronted with a 7-year-old daughter he never knew he hadfrom a prior relationship. While some critics are impressed with The Rock’scharismatic performance, most are exasperated by the movie’s excessivelysaccharine tone and formulaic plot that’s stretched to a nearly two hourruntime. With 33 percent on the Tomatometer, critics are sending The GamePlan back to the drawing board. (Check out our Total Recall Game Planfeature here.)&nbsp;The Rock practices Vulcan mind-melding.From documentaries like No End in Sightand Fahrenheit 9/11to narrative pieces like The Situationand Rendition,no conflict has gotten as immediate a cinematic response as the one we’recurrently embroiled in.&nbsp; The latest movie to join the fray: The Kingdom,starring Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Garner about FBI operatives trying to locateterrorists in the Middle East.&nbsp; While The Kingdom wants to do good byexploring the topic of international politics and subterfuge, critics claim thatthe drama is manipulative and the film quickly descends into war genretrappings, treating enemies as generic moving targets.&nbsp; The Kingdom failsto accomplish its mission at 46 percent on the Tomatometer.&nbsp;“Andhere’s what would happen if Saudi Arabia doesn’t get enough Nintendo Wiis.\"With Everythingis Illuminated a few years behind us and Watchmen coming up,the idea of some novels being too complex to be adapted suddenly seems passé.&nbsp;Feast of Love,based on a novel byCharles Baxter about a community of people looking for emotionalconnections, could also have been deemed too sprawling and multi-faceted toadapt convincingly.&nbsp; So while they haven’t found any weak links in the fineensemble cast, critics call Feast of Love a hodgepodge of sentimentalitythat’s ambitious but fails to go in-depth with its characters. And the film’scongenial manner, coupled with its total lack of cynicism on love and humanrelationships, makes for a pleasant time at the movies, if not a riveting one.At 56 percent, Feast of Love is for those willing to gorge on romance atthe multiplex.“Would you believe I have some advice on this matter?”Ever since being catapulted to the limelight with hismuch-discussed Best Picture Oscar win for the racial melodrama Crash,Paul Haggishas been a divisive figure in the film community.&nbsp; And his latest directorialeffort, In the Valley of Elah, doesn’t look to buck the trend. Elah starsTommy LeeJones as a gravel transporter trying to uncover the mystery the death of hisson, a Marine recently returned from Iraq. Critics say that while some ofHaggis’s themes and symbolic images are heavy-handed, In the Valley of Elahis an otherwise engrossing murder mystery and profound antiwar statement,featuring a mesmerizing performance from Jones. With 69 percent on theTomatometer, Elah showcases some peak performances. (Check out our reviewhere.)“Okay,in this scene, you’re outraged about something. Really outraged. Go with it.\"Also opening in limited release: The Price ofSugar, a documentary about the Dominican Republic’s corrupt sugarproduction, is at 86 percent;Outsourced, acomedy about an office drone teaching his replacement in India, is at 85percent; Lust,Caution, Ang Lee‘s controversial erotic thriller, is at 79 percent (check out ourreviewhere); The Darjeeling Limited,Wes Anderson‘snew comedy/drama about three soul-searching brothers, is at 65 percent; The Man of My Life,a French import about the sexual politics between three neighbors, is at 53percent; Trade,a high-minded thriller about the sex trade and human trafficking, is at 20percent.\"Ooo, a MacGuffin.\"And, finally, it’s game over for last week’s round of Guess the Tomatometer. m_ioannidis hit it on the nose on guessing Resident Evil: Extinction‘s 26 percent Tomatometer.Recent Jamie Foxx Movies:——————————————47% — Miami Vice (2006)78% — Dreamgirls(2006)13% — Stealth (2005)61% — Jarhead (2005)71% — Shade (2004)Wes Anderson Movies:——————————————56% — TheLife Aquatic with Steve Zissou (2004)79% — The RoyalTenenbaums(2001)86% — Rushmore (1998)77% — Bottle Rocket (1996)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"the, justice, language, Super, Elton, Family, and, The, fast, color, 20th, what, cinemax, TCA, natural","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critical-Consensus-Game-Plan-Fumbles-Kingdom-is-Overthrown-Feast-Is-Semi-Appetizing-Elah-Worth-a-Visit"},{"id":"47508806513582","title":"Critical Consensus: \"Casino Royale\" Fresh, Certified Fresh; \"Happy Feet\" Shows Fancy Footwork; Guess The Tomatometer for \"Prison\"","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critical Consensus: \"Casino Royale\" Fresh, Certified Fresh; \"Happy Feet\" Shows Fancy Footwork; Guess The Tomatometer for \"Prison\"by Tim Ryan | November 16, 2006 |  CommentsThis week at the movies prompts several questions. Will the latest Bond movie (\"Casino Royale,\" starring Daniel Craig) leave pundits shaken and stirred? Can penguins learn to dance (\"Happy Feet,\" featuring voice work by Elijah Wood, Nicole Kidman, and Robin Williams)? And can prison be fun (\"Let’s Go to Prison,\" starring Dax Shepard)? Find out what the critics have to say!\"Batman Begins\" heartily displayed the virtues of taking a moribund series back to basics by ditching the camp and placing its titular superhero in a more plausible, real-world context. With \"Casino Royale,\" the Bond series has taken a similar no-nonsense approach, and critics say the result is a triumph. \"Casino Royale\" delves into the 007 creation myth; the early days of the suave secret agent find him a lot more haunted — and casually cruel — in ways only vaguely suggested in the previous 20 Bond pictures. But scribes also note the film is hardly morose, with enough exciting action and in-jokes to please the diehards. Some even go so far as to say that Daniel Craig is the best Bond since Sean Connery. At 95 percent on the Tomatometer, \"Casino Royale\" has the Midas touch; it’s not only Certified Fresh, it’s also the best reviewed wide release of the year (although it’s still a cut below \"Dr. No\" at 100 percent).Soon to appear on ESPN2…For those of you whose cinematic appetite for flightless fowl was left unsatiated by \"March of the Penguins,\" we’ve got good news. Featuring motion-capture dancing by Savion Glover and an eco-friendly message, \"Happy Feet\" is winning praise from critics for its sharp animation and rousing soundtrack. The film tells the story of a young penguin named Mumble (voiced by Elijah Wood) who’s gotta dance when all the others Emperors gotta sing. At 80 percent on the Tomatometer, \"Happy Feet\" is the best reviewed animated feature of the year.Sometimes you have to settle things the hard way: with a dance-off.\"Let’s Go to Prison\" was not screened for critics, which means it’s unlikely to join the list of timeless jailhouse classics that includes \"Cool Hand Luke,\" \"The Shawshank Redemption,\" and \"Caged Heat II: Stripped of Freedom.\" So kids, it’s time to call up your parole officer to get some help Guessing that Tomatometer.\"There really is no life after \"Arrested Development.\"Also opening this week in limited release: \"Who the $#%&amp; is Jackson Pollock?, a documentary about the battle to verify what could be a painting by the famed abstract expressionist, is at 100 percent on the Tomatometer; \"Flannel Pajamas,\" an indie about the deterioration of a longstanding relationship, is at 80 percent; the Argentine thriller \"The Aura\" is at 80 percent; the zero-budget teen indie \"Dance Party, USA\" is at 80 percent; the drug addiction drama \"Candy,\" starring Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish, is at 65 percent; \"Fast Food Nation,\" Richard Linklater‘s fictional multi-plotline treatment of the muckraking bestseller, is at 60 percent (read RT’s interview with cast and crew members here); Emilio Estevez‘s \"Bobby,\" an Altman-esque tale of the night of Robert Kennedy’s assassination starring half the population of California, is at 56 percent; the Hollywood-skewering \"For Your Consideration,\" Christopher Guest‘s latest ensemble comedy, is at 56 percent; and the Quay Brothers’ twisted fairytale \"The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes\" is at 50 percent.\"Fast Food Nation\": She deserves a break today.And finally, props to dreday, who came the closest to guessing \"The Return\"’s Tomatometer of 13 percent. Everybody’s celebratin.’Recent James Bond Movies:———————————-59% — Die Another Day (2002)53% — The World is Not Enough (1999)53% — Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)83% — Goldeneye (1995)65% — License to Kill (1989)Recent CG Animated Films:———————————–78% — Flushed Away (2006)40% — Everyone’s Hero (2006)65% — The Ant Bully (2006)70% — Monster House (2006)76% — Cars (2006)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"furious, international, spanish, LGBTQ, Ovation, movie, period, Reality, Mary, Comics, rt, Baby, Cannes, target","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"critical-consensus-casino-royale-fresh-certified-fresh-happy-feet-shows-fancy-footwork-guess-the-tomatometer-for-prison"},{"id":"47508817653787","title":"Troye Sivan’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Troye Sivan's Five Favorite FilmsThe pop star-cum-actor sings the praises of Quentin Tarantino, Baz Luhrmann, and Wes Anderson.by RT Staff | November 1, 2018 |  Comments(Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images)Australian pop singer Troye Sivan&nbsp;appears this month in&nbsp;Joel Edgerton’s Boy Erased, the star-studded awards contender that goes behind the scenes of the controversial and mystery-shrouded practice of conversion therapy. The film is an adaptation of Garrard Conley’s memoir of the same name, which reflects on the time that the author’s religious parents –&nbsp;played by Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe – forced him into conversation therapy after he came out to them. Sivan plays Gary, a teenager in therapy with Jared (the Conley character, played by Lucas Hedges), and who is one of the few kids to see through the practice and the man in charge of it.Sivan, who came out in a YouTube video in his late teens, told Rotten Tomatoes he hopes parents see the movie – “like every parent in the world.” He added, “What’s so nice about this movie is that no one is a villain in it, and it’s a real genuine conversation and exploration of parents who love their kids and who are worried for their kids and do what they think is right for their kids –&nbsp;the movie explores how wrong that can go. I think the thing that’s missing is education. I’m hoping that the movie really is a part of that education for parents to kind of guide them in what I think is the right way to handle an LGBT child.”Ahead of the film’s opening in limited release, Sivan shared his Five Favorite Films with Rotten Tomatoes.Moulin Rouge! (2001)  76%The first film is Moulin Rouge!&nbsp;— weird because I’m seeing Nicole Kidman later today, not to brag. I’m pretty stoked about that. I first saw it at a family friend’s house and they put it on for me because they thought I’d like it, they knew that I liked music. But the first 10 minutes of that movie are absolute chaos, like full-fledged chaos. So, I was like, I hate this, I don’t know what this is. I gave it a second try and watched it through the first 10 minutes and then the story started to come together and it became my favorite movie.I love that movie so much. I love the visuals, love the music in it, and just yeah, it spoke to my little gay heart when I was a kid.Inglourious Basterds (2009)  89%For me it’s a classic, and any time that I get to kind of live a fantasy of –&nbsp;it sounds awful – but of Nazis getting what they deserve, I am down with it.Are you a big Tarantino fan?I’m not not a fan. I just haven’t seen all of his movies, but I should because I love that movie so much. It’s just one of those movies that I feel like I can watch any time and enjoy it. And it’s weird as well, because I’m Jewish and really sensitive to a lot of Holocaust [material] and World War II stuff, and so I try to steer clear of those movies. But I think maybe because it’s fantastical enough and because of the alternative ending, that movie has always been okay for me to watch and doesn’t upset me too much.The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014)  92%Grand Budapest Hotel is probably my favorite movie ever. I don’t know why, but it makes me feel so safe, and anytime I’m even remotely stressed, I’ll put on that movie and I feel like it transports me to another universe. It was the first Wes Anderson movie that I ever saw.The thing that sticks out to me the most is the humor. I find the movie really, really, really funny. And then of course the set design and the way that it’s shot – everything is so gorgeous. But for me it’s just one of those movies that keeps you on your toes. You never really know [what’s going to happen]. It’s a simple, classic, good story that’s just told so beautifully, that it feels so artful and considered, and I just really appreciate that.This list makes me realize that I really appreciate a director with real perspective, and the films are very stylized. That’s my vibe, and I think the Grand Budapest is an impeccable example of that.Juno (2007)  94%That movie for me was quirky done right. I feel like a lot of the time for me quirky is cringe-y, and it’s easy to mess up; Juno felt genuinely quirky and just cute, and the soundtrack is really inspiring to me because it’s got such a vision and perspective and such a sound to it. I love that movie. I think it’s really heartwarming.Up in the Air (2009)  90%I used to be really homesick as a kid. I never had sleepovers or anything like that with my friends ever, because I would have panic attacks and wanna go home. And then I watched Up In the Air, and watching George Clooney pack his suitcase so neatly and hop on the plane and just be so organized made me wanna travel by myself and made me love hotels and stuff like that. And I just love the movie as well. It gave me the courage to travel by myself for the first time and leave home.The thing that kinda sucks is that I have a feeling that if I was to rewatch it now, it would be depressing. At the time that I watched it for the first time, it was ambitious – I wanted to travel all the time like that and I thought it was so cool. And then, as you know, the movie gets kind of dark and sad and it’s like, “What are you running from?” At the time that didn’t apply to me, but now I wonder if I would watch it back and be like, “Oh god, this is really too real.”Boy Erased&nbsp;is in limited release&nbsp;Friday November 2.&nbsp;","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"YouTube, 2015, anime, ID, Critics, Nat, drama, and, Crunchyroll, cults, Academy, curtis, diversity, on","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/30111343/Troye-Sivan-FFF-Rep.jpg","slug":"troye-sivans-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508826796154","title":"Kevin Pollak’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Kevin Pollak's Five Favorite FilmsThe Actor and The Late Bloomer Director Discusses Comedic Timing and the Most Perfect Jealous Boyfriend.by Kerr Lordygan | October 13, 2016 |  CommentsPhoto by Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty ImagesKevin Pollak&nbsp;(Kevin Pollak’s Chat Show, The Usual Suspects, A Few Good Men, Angel from Hell) loves comedies — which, of course, makes sense,&nbsp;considering he is a comic and all — but wouldn’t it be great to know&nbsp;which films he thinks are funny? What films helped to shape his “funny?” Well, when we asked him to &nbsp;shoot us his Five Favorite Films, four of them were indeed comedies, and that makes us happy. Now that he himself is directing films like The Late Bloomer&nbsp;— which recently opened in limited release — we wanted to share the list with you:The In-Laws (1979)  88%With Alan Arkin and Peter Falk, [it’s] my favorite comedy. The two of them basically put on a comedy film acting clinic. Their timing and interplay is simply perfection on film.Modern Romance (1981)  82%Modern Romance, written and directed by and starring Albert Brooks, is my 2nd favorite comedy. Brooks’ masterful performance as the obsessively — if not historically — jealous boyfriend is so naked and so honest that it has no equal as an original take on the romantic comedy.Young Frankenstein (1974)  94%Starring, and (mostly) written by Gene Wilder, [Young Frankenstein] is not only a tour de force of Wilder’s brilliance, but arguably the apex of the genius that is Mel Brooks. The supporting cast is also hilarious and unique. Great, and best take on the Frankenstein legend.Ghostbusters (1984 Original) (1984)  97%Ghostbusters is another legendary comedy classic. Like The In-Laws, re-making — or re-imagining — this classic was historically pointless, if not&nbsp;the very definition of ill-advised. You cannot beat the way this film makes you feel, as an audience member, from start to finish.It's a Wonderful Life (1946)  94%A flawless film, and one that I believe has been unfairly reduced to a holiday time standard. I deeply admire the screenplay and its execution of story and character nuances. Speaking of which, the performances are astoundingly inspiring, and George and Mary’s first kiss is honestly — and respectably — unbeatable in its emotional impact.The Late Bloomer is now open&nbsp;in limited release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Fall","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/12134410/pollack-rep.jpg","slug":"kevin-pollacks-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508832289967","title":"Dominic Monaghan’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Dominic Monaghan's Five Favorite Filmsby Grae Drake | August 24, 2015 |  CommentsThere are plenty of performances for which&nbsp;you might&nbsp;recognize Dominic Monaghan. You may&nbsp;remember him&nbsp;as Geoffrey Shawcross in Hetty Wainthrop Investigates, or Merry Brandybuck in the Lord of The Rings films, or even as Charlie Pace on Lost. In his latest film, he plays opposite Raffy Cassidy&nbsp;in Molly Moon and the Incredible Book of Hypnotism as a hypnotist who is taking everyone for a ride, but not the one they were expecting.Apocalypse Now (1979)  98%This is number one. It’s a perfect movie for me. Great camerawork, great editing and sound, incredible performances. Coppola at his best.RT: What do you think of Apocalypse Now: Redux?I like the Redux.&nbsp;I’m always looking for more out of Apocalypse Now. I’m not crazy about the French plantation sequence — I think it’s long and strung out — but any more of Martin Sheen or Dennis Hopper or Marlon Brando that you see is always a good thing. It’s a near perfect movie for me. I always see something new, or a new blend of one shot to another, or a new musical cue that says something about what’s actually happening in the film. It’s so well lit and edited — Coppola at his best, and I’m a huge The Godfather fan.Let the Right One In (2008)  98%I love European cinema. I made a&nbsp;proviso that you have to watch it with the Swedish subtitles on, not dubbed in American. It’s terrible when it’s dubbed in American. It’s really a drama. It’s the story of a young boy who meets a young girl who just happens to be a vampire. But the editing, the way they show the bleakness of the world, the way that they show a period in time which is nondescript — they say it’s the modern world, but it feels like the modern world that has gone by somehow. Very beautiful part of the world, it’s sterile and full of snow.I watched that one night; a friend recommended it to me. I was in my house on my own, at night, was very scared of it, and fell in love with it. I’m not a huge fan of horror movies, to be fair. There’s no reason for me to bring that into my life, that horror element. But with Let the Right One In, it was worth it because the performances and the story were both so brilliant.Kes (1969)  100%The story of a young boy who finds a kestrel [falcon]. He comes from a welfare state, he doesn’t have anything else in his life, and it’s how he makes sense of something noble in a world that’s full of trash and rubbish. Great movie, really heartbreaking.Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980)  94%It’s a bit of a layman’s choice, but Star Wars is a huge deal for me. I have a Star Wars tattoo, and it’s one of the major reasons I became an actor. Empire Strikes Back has everything for a Star Wars movie: darkness and magic, light, great characters, and comedy — everything.Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979)  95%I love comedy. This got a lot of flak when it came out, because everyone said it was Monty Python’s diss towards Jesus. But it’s not. It’s looking at the ridiculous foundations of religions in general and how we set those things up to be things of truth. And when you point a finger at them, they can very easily become things of comedy. Great film, and one of those that the more you watch it, the funnier it gets. Like This is Spinal Tap.Molly Moon and the Incredible Book of Hypnotism&nbsp;is now playing in limited release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"rings","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Dominic-Sharper-600.jpg","slug":"dominic-monaghans-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47508867406312","title":"Five Favorite Films with Mickey Rourke","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Mickey RourkeChatting with the Golden Globe-nominated star of The Wrestlerby Jen Yamato | December 26, 2008 |  CommentsThanks to his powerful turn in Darren Aronofsky‘s critically-acclaimed drama The Wrestler, Mickey Rourke has become the year’s biggest comeback kid. It’s a story not lost on critics and pundits, who place Rourke’s washed-up ex-ring champ Randy “The Ram” Robinson among the year’s best performances; the tragic portrait of a proud man living in the shadow of his former glory has proven a much-needed career redemption for Rourke, for whom success had been elusive in the decades since Diner and Rumble Fish.Mickey Rourke spoke with Rotten Tomatoes about his favorite films of all time, and also reflected on the great reception that The Wrestler (and his own performance, for which he’s received a Golden Globe nomination) has enjoyed. “It’s a movie I’m very proud of,” Rourke said. “It’s the best movie I’ve ever made, the hardest movie I’ve ever made. I think Darren Aronofsky is one of the best directors I’ve ever worked with. I’d put him right up there with [Michael] Cimino, [Francis Ford] Coppola and Adrian Lyne.”The Wrestler is currently in limited release and is Certified Fresh at 98 percent on the Tomatometer.&nbsp;The Deer Hunter (1978, 91% Tomatometer)The Deer Hunter. I think the subject matter was very interesting. The way Michael Cimino works, he just got so much out of his actors, especially De Niro, Walken, and John Cazale, even secondary characters like the French guy in the movie. I’ve probably seen the movie 30 times, and you’re just on the edge of your seat the whole time, you don’t know what’s going to happen next. I think the interesting relationship that Walken and De Niro had with Meryl Streep is very complex. Really great movies are made out of special moments, and there were just so many moments in the movie, like when Chris Walken broke down when they were asking him his family’s name while he’s sitting in the window. I always remember that. The way that Bobby De Niro went back to rescue his friend. I think the movie had a lot of layers and a lot of integrity, and I think the love these men had for one another was so real you could identify with it. It was like going back to get your brother, you know?The Godfather (1972,100% Tomatometer)I love the first Godfather movie, part one. And two. Another great director, Coppola. And then of course, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro. I had heard the stories about how they wanted a whole other cast, and Francis was under the gun and he rose to the occasion. He got great performances out of Pacino, and De Niro was unbelievable. All the secondary guys from Joe Spinell to Michael Gazzo. The casting was impeccable. He got a lot of great performances from people who were just getting into the business themselves.Duvall, everybody had so many layers. The performance he got out of Lee Strasberg, who never really did much acting in front of the camera. When I was in the Actor’s Studio, the only actor that Lee actually spoke to was Al, so [Coppola] used the relationship that the two had and that was quite interesting.Lonely Are The Brave (1962, 100% Tomatometer)There was a movie Kirk Douglas did that I loved a lot, Lonely Are the Brave. You’ll have to look that one up. I actually met him about 14 years ago, and he actually said that was his favorite movie.&nbsp;RT: Just like you have said that The Wrestler is your favorite movie of your own.&nbsp;MR: Hands down. It’s kind of nice being able to say that after so many years of my answer being: “I haven’t made it yet.”[Darren] surrounded me with a great stunt coordinator, and he took the time [for me] to put all the muscle on and to learn how to wrestle, and the scenes that he allowed me to rewrite.RT: Which scenes did you rewrite?MR: The scenes with Evan Rachel Wood and the speech at the end. Working with Evan, she’s only 21 and she’s just so f***ing professional. She’s so good and each take she got better and better. She’s probably the best actress I’ve ever worked with.RT: She’s tremendous for her age.MR: She’s tremendous for even beyond her age.On the Waterfront(1954, 100% Tomatometer)I really liked On the Waterfront, I have to put that up there. Those great scenes with Marlon Brando and Rod Steiger. Really great scenes with Marlon Brando and Eva Marie Saint.Gilda (1946, 96%)There’s an old movie that Rita Hayworth was in that I really loved because I thought she was just smokin’ in it. [Gilda.] She just reminds me of all the girls that I want to be with. It was a movie where she was driving all the men crazy. I was going crazy, too. [My] favorite female actresses: Rita Hayworth, Ingrid Bergman. And Evan Rachel Wood.For the latest reviews, trailers, and news on The Wrestler, click here.Want more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Don Cheadle, Robert Pattinson, Kevin Smith, and Judd Apatow.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"cinematic, boxoffice, thriller, comedies, The, Sony, Acorn, Fire, CNN, color, crime","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/MickeyRourke.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-mickey-rourke"},{"id":"47508888814260","title":"Now Streaming: Nightcrawler, The Interview, and More","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: Nightcrawler, The Interview, and Moreby RT Staff | January 27, 2015 |  CommentsThis week on streaming video, we’ve got an Academy Award-nominated thriller starring Jake Gyllenhaal, a feelgood story from the UK, and the controversial James Franco-Seth Rogen comedy that irked North Korea, plus more. Read on for details:Nightcrawler 95%In this Certified Fresh thriller, Jake Gyllenhaal stars as Lou Bloom, a freelance TV journalist who sells lurid crime footage to a local station. But as his career progresses, and his scoops become ever more explosive, Bloom’s shaky ethics threaten to overwhelm him.Available now on: Amazon, iTunes, Google PlayOne Chance 63%This inspirational drama is based on the true story of the amateur opera singer who became an overnight sensation on Britain’s Got Talent.Available now on: iTunesLego DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League vs. Bizarro LeagueIn the latest animated collaboration between Lego and DC Comics, Bizarro returns to Earth when Bizarro World is threatened by Darkseid, and he clones the Justice League to create the Bizarro League.Available now on: Amazon, iTunesThe Interview 51%Dave Skylark (James Franco), the host of a trashy talk show, and his producer Aaron Rapoport (Seth Rogen) land the biggest interview of their careers: North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un (Randall Park). But before they journey to Pyongyang, the CIA recruits them to assassinate the Dear Leader. The film became newly available to stream on Netflix on Saturday, January 24.Available now on: NetflixThe Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 85%Michael Nyqvist and Noomi Rapace star in the first part of the original Swedish trilogy, based upon Stieg Larsson’s bestselling novel.Available now on: Netflix","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"Trivia, elm, Rey, Elton, HBO, news, heist, El, social","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Now-Streaming-Nightcrawler-The-Interview-and-More"},{"id":"47508896061186","title":"Digital Multiplex: Jack the Giant Slayer and Hansel &amp; Gretel","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Digital Multiplex: Jack the Giant Slayer and Hansel &amp; GretelThe newest and best movies available for streaming and download.by RT Staff | June 4, 2013 |  CommentsIf you’re hankering for some alternate takes on well known fairy tales this week, then look no further than your laptop or smart TV, because we’ve got a couple of them headlining this week’s streaming choices. On top of that, we’ve got the American debut of an acclaimed South Korean director, a Sam Fuller film, a well-received German drama, a sentimental documentary, and an omnibus horror flick you can see before it hits theaters. Read on to find out what’s available to watch right now.Jack the Giant Slayer 52%After unintentionally opening a portal to another world, Jack (Nicholas Hoult) fights to defend the earth from a group of giants who are attempting to reclaim their former realm.Available now on: VuduHansel &amp; Gretel: Witch Hunters 16%Jeremy Renner and Gemma Arterton star as the titular vigilantes, who’ve been out for witch blood ever since that little incident in the gingerbread house.Available now on: Amazon, VuduStoker 70%Mia Wasikowska and Matthew Goode star in this thriller about a teenager reeling from her father’s death who becomes close with her mysterious uncle.Available now on: VuduPhotographic Memory 94%In this documentary portrait, a filmmaker revisits key places in his life in an attempt to connect with his son.Available now on: VuduLore 94%A group of German children who undertake a perilous escape after their Nazi-affiliated parents are arrested by Allied troops.Available now on: iTunes, VuduThe Steel Helmet 100%A tough-as-nails war movie from the legendary Samuel Fuller, The Steel Helmet is the story of an American sergeant who’s aided by a young Korean orphan.Available now on: HuluV/H/S 2 71%In this found footage anthology sequel, a pair of private eyes stumble upon a cache of disturbing videotapes in their search for a student who disappeared mysteriously.Available on Wednesday, June 6, on: Vudu","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"Reality, Pictures, Month, book, Video, trailers, park","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Digital-Multiplex-Jack-the-Giant-Slayer-and-Hansel-and-Gretel"},{"id":"47508907608952","title":"How Family-Friendly are Ben-Hur and Kubo and the Two Strings?","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})How Family-Friendly are Ben-Hur and Kubo and the Two Strings?by Christy Lemire | August 19, 2016 |  CommentsThis week brings a retelling of a Hollywood classic that might be a little too violent for children and a lush stop-motion animated film with a bit of creepy imagery that might frighten the youngest viewers.&nbsp;Here’s what you should know before you hit the theater.NEW IN THEATERS&nbsp;Ben-Hur (2016)  25%Rating: PG-13, for sequences of violence and disturbing images.This high-tech telling of this classic, biblical-era tale is about half as long as the 1959 Charlton Heston version, but it’s crammed with violent action sequences. Judah Ben-Hur (Jack Huston), a prince of Judea, is wrongly imprisoned and sentenced to slavery when his adopted brother, Messala (Toby Kebbell), a Roman officer on the rise, accuses him of treason. Ben-Hur must find a way back to rescue his mother and sister, get revenge and restore his name. Along the way, he spends years being whipped as a galley slave and there’s a ton of graphic swordplay. Men all around him drown, get pierced with arrows, and are set on fire. Of course, Ben-Hur must compete against Messala in a climactic chariot race in which riders get tossed in the air and trampled by horses. And he keeps running into Jesus Christ (Rodrigo Santoro), including during the crucifixion, which (as you can imagine), is traumatic and bloody. But Ben-Hur&nbsp;also is worthwhile as a story of redemption, spirituality and forgiveness. This is probably fine for viewers around 12 or 13 and older.Kubo and the Two Strings (2016)  97%Rating: PG, for thematic elements, scary images, action and peril.The latest exquisitely twisted offering from the Laika animation house is a jaw-droppingly beautiful hero’s journey. Young Kubo (voiced by Art Parkinson) is a boy with the magical ability to bring his vibrant origami creatures to life through music. But he also must face a great deal of darkness, including functioning as the parent to his depressed mother, a witch warrior. With the help of a monkey named Monkey (Charlize Theron) and a beetle named Beetle (Matthew McConaughey), he goes on a quest to find three crucial pieces of armor that belonged to his late father, a valiant samurai. As was the case with Laika’s previous films, including Coraline&nbsp;and The Boxtrolls, Kubo&nbsp;features some inspired and dazzling visuals – it was created through painstaking stop-motion animation — but it also has some ideas and images that are downright unsettling. Kubo is in constant danger from the first second we see him. When he was a baby, his grandfather plucked out his left eye in a vengeful rage, requiring the boy to wear an eye patch. Among the challenges Kubo must face is a sea full of giant, hypnotic eyeballs. And Kubo’s evil twin aunts (both voiced by Rooney Mara), who’ve come to collect his other eye, might be the most frightening of all. Dressed in black with Japanese Noh masks, they hover above the ground calling his name in eerie tones. (This is the one sight that truly scared my son, who’s almost 7; it freaked me out, too.) But there’s also a great deal of wonder and magic here. The details and colors are gorgeous, the action scenes are lively and there’s some amusing interplay between Monkey and Beetle. And Kubo’s bravery and resourcefulness should appeal to young viewers. I’d say kids around age 7 or 8 and older are OK here.NEW ON DVD&nbsp;The Angry Birds Movie (2016)  43%Rating: PG, for rude humor and action.The addicting app about colorful birds flinging themselves at pigs is now a feature-length, animated film that’s fine for all ages. It’s an origin story explaining who the birds are and why they’re so angry. Initially, the aptly named Red (voiced by Jason Sudeikis) is the only angry one on an island full of happy birds. But when a megalomaniacal pig (Bill Hader) and his minions arrive by boat — supposedly with friendly intentions but actually with a devious plot to steal their eggs — the rest of the birds get angry, too. There are some jokes to appeal to the grown-ups in the audience — at one point, Red laments: “Pluck my life!” — but they’ll probably go over kids’ heads. Kids probably won’t grasp the grotesque fact that the pigs are trying to turn birds’ babies into omelets. There’s also a lot of action and destruction here as the birds exact their revenge on the pilfering pigs, but it’s pretty silly and cartoonish. I brought my son — an Angry Birds&nbsp;expert — to the screening, and he liked the movie way better than I did.God's Not Dead 2 (2016)  10%Rating: PG, for some thematic elements.Viewers around 8 or 9 and older are fine watching this sequel to the 2014 faith-based hit God’s Not Dead. This time, a history teacher with the subtle name of Grace (Melissa Joan Hart) finds herself persecuted when she answers a student’s question about Jesus in a public high school classroom. Parents complain, she refuses to apologize, and the whole conflict erupts in a court of law. Along the way, various supporting characters find their faith tested and — spoiler! — ultimately validated. This is a PG-rated Christian movie, so nothing even remotely inappropriate happens. But some of the discussions and courtroom arguments can get pretty intense, which might be too much for younger viewers to comprehend. And the running time of two solid hours also might make this a squirmy sit for littler kids.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"animated, child's, Pride, BBC, asian-american","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/19135425/Ben-Hur-PG.jpg","slug":"how-family-friendly-are-ben-hur-and-kubo-and-the-two-strings"},{"id":"47508917949403","title":"Parental Guidance: If I Stay, When The Game Stands Tall, Plus The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on DVD","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Parental Guidance: If I Stay, When The Game Stands Tall, Plus The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on DVDWe give you what you need to know about the family-friendliness of this week's new releases.by Christy Lemire | August 21, 2014 |  CommentsIn Theaters This Week:If I Stay 35%Rating: PG-13, for thematic elements and some sexual material.The latest movie based on a best-selling Young Adult novel takes place in the aftermath of a gruesome, deadly car accident. Chloe Grace Moretz’s Mia, a teen cello prodigy who’s headed to Juilliard, barely survives the crash and hovers in an out-of-body state, running around the hospital as various friends, family members and her rock-star boyfriend (Jamie Blackley) worry and wait for signs of life. Director R.J. Cutler’s film (like the Gayle Forman book it’s based on) jumps back and forth in time between Mia’s precarious, present-day state and the years leading up to it, which fill in her back story. These include some extremely chaste partying after the boyfriend’s concerts and on New Year’s Eve, as well as the moment in which Mia loses her virginity, which is implied rather than shown. Some of the images in the hospital are also quite bloody and traumatic. Probably fine for tweens and older.When The Game Stands Tall 20%Rating: PG, for thematic material, a scene of violence and brief smoking.This inspirational sports drama is based on the true story of the De La Salle High School Spartans of Concord, Calif., a football team that enjoyed a historic 151-game winning streak in the 1990s and early 2000s. Director Thomas Carter’s film focuses on how the players respond when they finally do lose a game, and how they bounce back following various traumas both on and off the field. A star player is shot to death outside a party and another player loses his mother to cancer. A wide receiver on the verge of breaking a touchdown record must deal with physical and emotional abuse from his demanding dad. And head coach Bob Ladouceur (Jim Caviezel) suffers from heart trouble because of his smoking habit. But the film’s messages about teamwork, dedication and sacrifice are worthwhile. Suitable for about age 8 or 9 and up.New On DVD:The Amazing Spider-Man 2 51%Rating: PG-13, for sequences of sci-fi action/violence.Multiple villains populate this sequel to 2012’s The Amazing Spider-Man, causing the kind of 3-D, computer-generated mayhem and violence you’d expect from a summer blockbuster about a comic-book character. Andrew Garfield’s Peter Parker/Spider-Man must contend with Jamie Foxx’s Electro, who gets zapped by a bunch of electric eels when he falls into a vat at work, then uses his newfound powers to wreak havoc on New York City. (Times Square bears most of the brunt of his fury.) Peter also continues to investigate the mystery surrounding his parents’ fate, which includes a flashback to a frightening airplane ride. There’s the general threat of mass destruction at all times, as well as intimate moments of peril. These include the sight of a young boy dressed in a Spidey costume who dares to confront the metal beast Rhino (Paul Giamatti) in a moment reminiscent of Tiananmen Square. This is probably suitable for tweens and up, who’ve seen this sort of stuff many times before.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"Disney+, Month, GLAAD, DC","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"parental-guidance-if-i-stay-when-the-game-stands-tall-plus-the-amazing-spider-man-2-on-dvd"},{"id":"47508932133972","title":"Red Carpet Roundup with Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Blake Lively and More","content":"Red Carpet Roundupgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})Red Carpet Roundup with Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Blake Lively and Moreby RT Staff | December 22, 2016 |  CommentsIt’s the final countdown…the final red carpet collection of the year! See the best celebrity fashion pics from the last week and see you in 2017!Jennifer LawrenceAnna Faris and Chris PrattRyan Reynolds and Blake LivelyKelly Osbourne and actress Julianne HoughRobert Pattinson and FKA TwigsNatalie PortmanKate BeckinsaleSophia BushNicole KidmanCatherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge with Prince HarryViola DavisMel BJanelle MonáeViola Davis","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"wars, Paramount, ITV, Competition, Sundance, award, Video, monster, on, Fox, Broadway, FX","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/22152249/600RCRFinal.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-roundup-with-jennifer-lawrence-chris-pratt-blake-lively-and-more"},{"id":"47508946378977","title":"Why Trick ‘r Treat Deserves Cult Status","content":"Sub-Cultvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Why Trick 'r Treat Deserves Cult StatusSub-Cult is Nathan Rabin’s ongoing exploration of movies that have quietly attracted devoted followings and are on the verge of becoming full-on cult sensations.by Nathan Rabin | October 27, 2015 |  CommentsEven the worst theatrically released movie has countless advantages over the best direct-to-video fodder. As movies like Mac &amp; Me, The Oogieloves In The Big Balloon Adventure, and Movie 43 attest, scoring a theatrical release is no guarantee of baseline competence, let alone quality. But unlike direct-to-video movies, theatrically released movies do not need to contend with a knee-jerk public suspicion that something must have gone awry with them, artistically or otherwise, to warrant&nbsp;being dumped ignominiously onto home video.&nbsp;Theatrically released movies also may not be critiqued kindly, but they are generally reviewed (even the ones written and directed by either Tyler Perry or the toxic team of Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg), and there are plenty of publications and websites dedicated to&nbsp;covering every film that opens in theaters. This makes them&nbsp;part of an ongoing cultural conversation, even if that dialogue takes the form of, “How did that get made?” or, “Jesus, people will see anything these days, won’t they?”Direct-to-video movies are generally seen as failures because, in a very concrete way, they have failed. They failed to occupy the cultural space every theatrical release is afforded, no matter how dire. They failed to be talked about by moviegoers afterwards, to be advertised on posters and billboards and promoted via talk show appearances and junkets and television interviews, &nbsp;and to be debated by critics, both at the time of their release and at the end of the year, when all-important (to the ink-stained wretches assembling them, at least) lists of the best films are compiled and awards are given.“Dylan&nbsp;Baker excels at embodying and dramatizing the white-bread evil of banality.”In that respect, the well-loved horror anthology Trick ‘r Treat, which was completed in 2007 but only released in 2009, is the little direct-to-DVD movie that could. It sports a lush, autumnal gothic beauty and a slickness befitting a project that reunited a number of people involved in the X-Men franchise, most notably writer-director Michael Dougherty (who co-wrote X-Men 2, the best of the bunch before Days Of Future Past), producer Bryan Singer, and cast members Brian Cox and Anna Paquin. And after inexplicably being dumped onto home video, Trick ‘r Treat went on to do all sorts of things a direct-to-video movie isn’t supposed to do. It inspired merchandise in the form of multiple figurines based on its primary pint-sized ghoul, a creepy little menace in a burlap sack named Sam. It spawned a coffee table book, a graphic novel adaptation,&nbsp;and a one-off comic book entitled Trick R Treat: Days Of The Dead. It even produced a tardy sequel in the form of Trick ‘r Treat 2, which is reportedly in development, and will follow Dougherty’s similarly holiday themed horror romp Krampus&nbsp;to the big screen.&nbsp;Not bad for a movie that sat on a shelf for two years before being spat out onto the home video market.In Trick ‘r Treat,&nbsp;first time director Dougherty takes great delight in upending expectations and sadistically toying with horror movie conventions. In the film’s morbid world, the adults who are called upon to protect, care for, and teach students aren’t just negligible in their duties; they are downright evil, and the kids they abuse and torment have a way of repaying their cruelty and abuse tenfold.This is particularly true of Steven Wilkins (Dylan Baker), a small town principal who punishes a chubby trick-or-treater (Bad Santa’s butterball Brett Kelly) for taking more candy than is his share by feeding him a cyanide-laced treat that causes him to vomit blood before dying. Morbid physical comedy ensues as the harried murderer tries to dispose of the tubby little corpse while still fulfilling his Halloween duties.As in Happiness, Baker excels at embodying and dramatizing the white-bread evil of banality. He’s a bloodthirsty sadist with the bland demeanor of a bank middle manager, and though he ends this segment with the film’s idea of a family activity — Wilkins and his adoring son carving the head of the chubby little dead boy as if it were a Jack-O-Lantern — the film has further punishment in store for him.The violation of childhood innocence in the next story is even more gothic and severe. In it, a trick-or-treater tells the macabre tale of a group of mentally challenged children three decades earlier whose parents, exhausted by the demands of caring for their special needs progeny, embark on a gruesome and inexcusable collaboration: they pay a school bus driver to chain their costumed children to their seats while he drives the bus into a rock quarry, plunging his passengers to their watery deaths. This is, of course, not the last we see or hear of these unfortunate souls.“In Trick ‘r Treat, female sexuality is a voracious, malevolent force, but it’s also a righteous one.”What gives the segment its power and resonance is the idea of parents so overwhelmed and defeated by the extraordinary challenges of raising difficult children that they embrace the unthinkable crime of murder as their last, best, and only option. The image of helpless children, their identities and personalities obscured by the ghoulish Halloween costumes they’re wearing, shackled to the vehicle of their imminent deaths, is haunting in more than one sense, and the most poignant manifestation of the unconscionable evil adults visit upon&nbsp;children in Trick ‘r Treat, oblivious to&nbsp;the karmic blowback their actions will engender. They should know better, after all, as they are not just in a horror movie, but in a horror movie with a decidedly moralistic bent, where the evil are tormented and even minor misdeeds (such as unconsciously violating the rules of Halloween) lead to death sentences carried out by pint-sized vigilantes.Trick ‘r Treat captures how Halloween is disorienting and scary for children not just because of the abundant spookery on display but also because adults — and particularly teenagers — have been given free reign to behave erratically, to drink too much, to get high, to be inappropriately and creepily sexual or violent in ways that can be alienating and disturbing to kids who expect adults to behave with a certain level of propriety.There’s a great moment early in the film where a group of trick-or-treaters are visibly disturbed to see one of their teachers drunkenly addressing them while wearing a tragically ill-chosen “sexy cat” costume. The teacher isn’t obese or aged, just about 10&nbsp;years too old and 10&nbsp;pounds too heavy to be wearing a costume like that, and though the scene is pitched more for uncomfortable laughter than horror, it casually captures how Halloween can be creepy and unnerving for children for reasons that have nothing to do with serial killers or razor blades in candy bars.Sex and violence are also inextricably intertwined in horror movies, and in the “Surprise Party” segment of the film, a group of fiendishly sexy young women are indulging in the real reason for the season: dressing provocatively and skimpily for the benefit of drooling, ogling man-children who, in keeping with our culture’s noxious double standards, are not expected to show any skin or be remotely sexy or provocative.&nbsp;They’re dressed as Sexy Snow White and Sexy Bo Peep&nbsp;(if you doubt the “Sexy _____” conceit has gone too far, bear in mind that a “Sexy Pizza Rat” now exists, and should not be worn by anyone, at any time), with the idea of revealing as much skin and cleavage as possible without crossing a blurry line into actual nudity.“It has a bona fide horror icon in Sam, who is somehow scarier and more terrifying for being so small and seemingly unthreatening.”The outlier of the group is a 22-year-old virgin played by Anna Paquin who doesn’t just eschew the requisite exhibitionism of her peers, she dresses as Little Red Riding Hood, that untouched icon of dewy innocence and purity. She wants her first time to be special, and her friends are concerned that by insisting that sex be special, reserved for the right one, she’s missing out on a whole world of gross, non-special sex with the wrong one, or the wrong ones.In Trick ‘r Treat, female sexuality is a voracious, malevolent force, but it’s also a righteous one, and true to its title, “Surprise Party” ventures into unexpected territory once it becomes apparent that Paquin’s character is actually a lot more like another, scarier character in the Little Red Riding Hood saga, and I am not talking about grandma.&nbsp;Like Ginger Snaps and The Company Of Wolves, “Surprise Party” uses the conventions of horror films and fairy tales to comment upon our fears and desires regarding female sexual maturation and the complicated, alluring bodies and minds of desirable young women.The stories in Trick ‘r Treat overlap, Pulp Fiction style, with characters from one segment making cameo appearances in others while the whole movie is tied together through the character of Sam, a tiny yet terrifying demonic sprite in threadbare footy pajamas and a burlap sack that vaguely resembles a pared-down Jack-O-Lantern over his head.Sam has a small but crucial role in many of the segments, but he is front and center in “Meet Sam,” where he terrorizes a Halloween-hating old crank played by Brian Cox. Superior horror movies often rely upon an unforgettable icon of pure evil, whether it’s Michael Myers in his viscerally unnerving William Shatner mask or Freddy Krueger’s signature hat, ratty sweater and knife-glove. I suspect part of the reason Trick ‘r Treat has endured against long odds is because it has a bona fide horror icon in Sam, who, like Chucky or the Zuni fetish doll, is somehow scarier and more terrifying for being so small and seemingly unthreatening.It’s a testament to how deeply fans of Trick ‘r Treat related to the movie that they didn’t just want to watch it or re-watch it, they wanted to own part of it symbolically in the form of a 15-inch vinyl figure of Sam, which Sideshow Collectibles released, and a 5.5-inch Sam figure that NECA put out.I suspect that part of the film’s enduring, Shocktober-friendly appeal lies in the thrill of discovery fans experienced when they found a movie most of the world didn’t know existed. The horror movies that hit theaters tend to be a dire and derivative lot, so a superior horror film that cultists have to actively seek out has a special, furtive allure.It’s a little bewildering that a movie as good and solid and tight as Trick ‘r Treat was doomed to a home video burial. Yet in true horror film fashion, this weird little sleeper rose from the grave, bloodied but unbowed, and went on to enjoy a shockingly robust and impressive afterlife. So many movies these days are much worse than they should be, so it is a wonderful surprise to stumble across a movie that’s far better than it has any right to be, although its&nbsp;ever-growing following ensures that Trick ‘r&nbsp;Treat’s quality won’t be too much of a surprise for much longer.My Original Certification:&nbsp;FreshMy Re-Certification: FreshTomatometer:&nbsp;86 percent","section":"Sub-Cult","tags":"watch, deadpool","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/TrickRTreat.jpg","slug":"why-trick-r-treat-deserves-cult-status"},{"id":"47508966908287","title":"Ian McKellen’s 10 Best Movies","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Ian McKellen's 10 Best MoviesIn this week's Total Recall, we count down the best-reviewed work of the Mr. Holmes star.by Jeff Giles | July 15, 2015 |  CommentsHe’s played Gandalf, Magneto, and Richard III — and this weekend, Sir Ian McKellen adds another household name to the long list of characters he’s brought to life. We’re talking, of course, about Mr. Holmes, director Bill Condon?s adaptation of the Mitch Cullin novel A Slight Trick of the Mind, in which legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes putters through retirement while looking back on a case that’s dogged him for decades. In anticipation of seeing McKellen as Holmes, we decided to dedicate this week’s list to an appreciation of his fine filmography, including all the expected hits as well as a few surprises. It’s elementary — and it’s time for Total Recall!10. The Ballad of Little Jo (1993)  76%A grim, muddy Western with a feminist/revisionist slant, The Ballad of Little Jo finds writer-director Maggie Greenwald plunging viewers into the dirt-caked underbelly of a world in which an unattached woman (Suzy Amis) is liable to find herself kidnapped and sold into slavery before she’s so much as reached the outskirts of the city where her family has cast her out as punishment for having a baby out of wedlock. Unwilling to put up with the brutal treatment that seems to be her new lot in life, Josephine disguises herself in men’s clothing and becomes Little Jo, resident of the misleadingly named Ruby City — and lives undetected for years among a motley crew of thugs and reprobates that includes a violent alcoholic with a taste for ladies of the evening (McKellen). “It’s not hard to view The Ballad of Little Jo as an allegorical critique of sex and power and men’s-club values in America,” mused Stephen Holden for the New York Times. “In its disdain for those values, the film is as focused and cool-headed as the remarkable character whose story it tells.”Watch Trailer9. Jack &amp; Sarah (1996)  74%He’s chiefly known to a generation of filmgoers as Gandalf and Magneto, but before picking up roles in two of the most successful franchises in recent memory, McKellen could often be seen adding an expert splash of color to British arthouse pictures in supporting roles. Case in point: 1996’s Jack &amp; Sarah, in which Richard E. Grant and Samantha Mathis star, respectively, as a single father grieving the death of his wife and the cute waitress he hires as his nanny. The movie’s superficial resemblance to any of the Hugh Grant rom-coms of the era wasn’t lost on critics, but neither were its many small charms — including McKellen as the friendly neighborhood alcoholic bum that Grant hires for additional domestic support. “Jack &amp; Sarah is one of those romantic movies viewers know will end in a happy smooch,” admitted the San Francisco Chronicle’s Peter Stack. “What’s fine is the rush of amusing, heartrending humanity before it gets to the inevitable.”Watch Trailer8. The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit Trilogies 80% (Average Score)Ian McKellen has appeared in dozens of films, television shows, and plays — and he’s still making more — but for a considerable number of filmgoers, he will always be Gandalf from Peter Jackson’s Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit trilogies. And really, if you’re going to distill his life’s work into six films and a single role, that isn’t such a bad place to start. Although these movies definitely had their critical ups and downs, they brought J.R.R. Tolkien’s books to life with an overall artful blend of epic scope and wide-eyed wonder, and while McKellen may have played the noble wizard under layers of robes, hats, and hair, none of it — nor the increasing amounts of CGI spectacle — were enough to dull the depth of his portrayal of a character who could be gentle, imposing, or funny, sometimes all in the space of a single scene. As Bill Muller put it for the Arizona Republic, “Not only has Jackson boldly and faithfully brought J.R.R. Tolkien’s world to life, he’s created the most epic and sweeping fantasy adventure of all time.”Watch Trailer7. Cold Comfort Farm (1996)  83%It took Cold Comfort Farm more than a year to make its journey from British television to American theaters, but for the most part, Stateside critics found the movie none the worse for wear; although John Schlesinger’s ensemble-driven adaptation of the Stella Gibbons novel — about an unflappable young woman (Kate Beckinsale) who heads to the country in order to live with relatives while discovering herself as a writer — was a fairly minor commercial success, it resonated strongly with critics who appreciated Schlesinger’s light touch and sterling cast, which included an array of wonderful supporting players that included McKellen, Stephen Fry, Joanna Lumley, and Rufus Sewell. “What could be more welcome,” wondered the Los Angeles Times’ Kevin Thomas, “than a classic English comedy, bristling with wit and hilarity and crammed with wonderful eccentrics?”Watch Trailer6. Mr. Holmes&nbsp;(2015)  88%Take the big-budget action thrills of Robert Downey, Jr.’s Sherlock Holmes franchise, spin them 180 degrees, and age the master detective by 50 years or so, and you’ve got the basic outline for Mr. Holmes. Many of Holmes’ screen appearances over the years have focused on solving mysteries and defeating bad guys, but this elegiac adaptation of the Mitch Cullin novel A Slight Trick of the Mind is more interested in the man under the deerstalker hat, and how he confronts his greatest foe — the deleterious effects of advancing age — while leading a quiet beekeeper’s life in retirement and pondering a long-ago case he was never quite able to solve. While Holmes may strike fans of Sherlock’s peppier adventures as stubbornly slow, director Bill Condon’s deliberate pace yields its own rewards; as Bilge Ebiri wrote for Vulture, “It’s a gripping little tale, to be sure, but it’s more than that. Somewhere in its tangle of timelines, false starts, and red herrings is a great truth about the unsolvable mystery of the human soul.”Watch Trailer5. X-Men Franchise  87% (Average Score)The original X-Men trilogy isn’t perfect, but there’s no arguing that it helped lay some crucial groundwork for the many superhero movies that followed. One of its strongest components has always been the cast, starting with the 2000 original, which united an impressive ensemble that included the perfectly chosen McKellen and Patrick Stewart as long-battling mutant frenemies Erik “Magneto” Lehnsherr and Charles “Professor X” Xavier. The battle between Xavier’s X-Men and Magneto’s Brotherhood of Evil Mutants fuels the action overlaying the sociopolitical subtext in the original trilogy — and when the franchise rebooted itself with 2011’s X-Men: First Class, taking the characters back to their origins, the Xavier/Lehnsherr friendship frayed before filmgoers’ eyes, with Michael Fassbender and James McAvoy stepping in for McKellen and Stewart. The series’ dual timelines merged for 2014’s X-Men: Days of Future Past, bringing McKellen and Stewart back into the fold while repairing the narrative damage wrought in the widely maligned X-Men 3: The Last Stand — an apparent swan song for both actors in the roles, and one that allowed them to exit on a high note. “X-Men: Days of Future Past is a thrilling, hey-what-if comic-book movie that hits just about every mark you’d reasonably want it to hit,” observed Deadspin’s Will Leitch. “It’s not easy to surprise in a blockbuster these days. It’s a rare treat to find one that even tries.”Watch Trailer4. Six Degrees of Separation (1993)  88%The fascinating story of real-life con artist David Hampton formed the basis for Six Degrees of Separation, adapted from the John Guare play about a smooth-talking young man named Paul (Will Smith) who shows up on the doorstep of a wealthy New York couple (Donald Sutherland and Stockard Channing) and convinces them he’s not only friends with their college-age kids, but that he’s the son of Sidney Poitier. Before the night is out, he’s sleeping in their guest room — and before the closing credits roll, the extraordinary truth of Paul’s story is revealed. Bolstered by a deep bench of acting talent — Channing earned an Oscar nomination, and the stars were backed by supporting performances from a group that included McKellen, who makes an amusing appearance as a South African businessman — Separation won praise from critics like the Austin Chronicle’s Marjorie Baumgarten, who wrote, “The temporal experience of watching Six Degrees of Separation is one of absorption and intrigue.”Watch Trailer3. Scandal (1989)  91%Scandal delves into one of the more titillating real-life stories in Britain’s history, and the marketing materials for the movie didn’t shy away from the movie’s more salacious elements. But first-time director Michael Caton-Jones had more on his mind than mere prurience when he sought to dramatize the peccadillo between former British Secretary of State for War John Profumo (McKellen) and a teenage call girl (Joanne Whalley) who was being pimped out by a prominent doctor (John Hurt); although the movie has its lighthearted moments, it’s really a fairly sober reconstruction of a fascinating series of events. “What makes this movie so absorbing is its heady celebration of London during this period, as well as a healthy enjoyment of the erotic elements,” wrote Jonathan Rosenbaum for the Chicago Reader, “demonstrating overall that good, trashy fun doesn’t necessarily entail dumbness or irresponsibility.”Watch Trailer2. Gods and Monsters (1998)  95%Long before they collaborated on Mr. Holmes, McKellen and director Bill Condon offered filmgoers a glimpse into the final days of another public figure — albeit a real-life one — in Gods and Monsters, a thoughtful attempt to imagine what might have led up to the death of Frankenstein director James Whale. McKellen’s performance as Whale drew the lion’s share of Monsters‘ acclaim, although pundits were also impressed with the rest of the cast (including Brendan Fraser and Lynn Redgrave), and fairly stunned by Condon’s evolution from Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh to prestige drama. “Gods and Monsters has been capably made in all regards,” wrote Janet Maslin for the New York Times. “What especially elevates it is the razor-sharp cleverness of Mr. McKellen’s performance, which brings unusual fullness and feeling to a most unusual man.”Watch Trailer1. Richard III (1995)  96%Richard III found McKellen collaborating with director Richard Loncraine, collaborating onscreen and off in order to transplant Shakespeare’s play into a fascist nightmare version of 1930s England. The duo’s script took some liberties with the source material, both with the updated setting and its streamlined cast of characters; for example, Robert Downey, Jr. appears as Earl Rivers, an amalgamation of three roles from the play. At the heart of it all, however, McKellen anchored his Richard III with a mesmerizing performance in the title role, ensuring that even if it wasn’t the same story viewers remembered, it remained a gripping exploration of the same timeless themes. “Richard III is the kind of movie that earns the right to interpret the bard’s ideas through alternate perspectives,” argued Cinemaphile’s David Keyes, “because it does so without sacrificing its core values or integrity.”Watch Trailer","section":"Total Recall","tags":"OWN, color, Starz, BBC, hispanic, Cannes, movies, boxoffice, Hulu, telelvision","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Magneto.jpg","slug":"ian-mckellens-10-best-movies"},{"id":"47508979734019","title":"Total Recall: Oliver Stone’s Best Movies","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Total Recall: Oliver Stone's Best MoviesWe count down the best-reviewed work of the Savages director.by Jeff Giles | July 5, 2012 |  CommentsHe’s won 10 Golden Globes, nine Oscars, and four BAFTAs during his long and illustrious career — but Oliver Stone has somehow never been the focus of his own Total Recall, so we decided to change that in honor of this weekend’s Savages, an intriguingly cast drug drama based on the Don Winslow novel about a pair of pot farmers racing to free the woman they love from a Mexican drug cartel. Given his lengthy filmography, you know Stone’s got some good stuff in his filmography — and the cream of the crop is right here in this week’s list. 58%10. W.The most recent chapter of Stone’s presidential trilogy, W. served George W. Bush — who was wrapping up his second term while it was filmed — with a somewhat muted, surprisingly sympathetic biopic that traced his occasionally haphazard rise from political scion to oil baron and back again. While Josh Brolin earned near-universal praise for his work in the title role, critics found W. as a whole a little harder to take, citing its laconic pace and insufficiently hard-hitting approach as particularly troublesome flaws. For others, however, it proved a warm, fairly witty farewell for the GWB years; as the Chicago Tribune’s Michael Phillips put it, “The film may be ill-timed, arguably unnecessary and no more psychologically probing than any other Stone movie. But much of it works as deft, brisk, slyly engaging docudrama.” 62%9. ComandanteFor a lot of Americans — especially those who grew up during the early years of the Cold War — Fidel Castro is less a world leader than a shadowy boogeyman whose thirst for brinkmanship nearly triggered World War III. But whatever his sins, Castro remains a longtime veteran of international politics and a subject worthy of investigation — hence Oliver Stone’s Comandante, a 93-minute distillation of the three days he spent filming the Cuban leader in 2002. While a sizable number of critics chafed at Stone’s aggressively friendly attitude toward his subject, others saw something of significant, albeit flawed, value; as Alan Morrison argued for Empire, it is “An opportunity frustratingly squandered, but one which still makes for fascinating viewing thanks to Castro’s natural charisma. Errol Morris would have nailed it.” 67%8. World Trade CenterOliver Stone is known for his willingness to entertain conspiracy theories, his leftist political leanings, and his fondness for lurid cinematic violence, so when word got out he was planning to direct a movie about the September 11 attacks, some people were understandably nervous. But like any other director worth his title, Stone understands his role as a storyteller, and World Trade Center — starring Nicolas Cage and Michael Peña as a pair of real-life police officers who were caught in the wreckage after the buildings fell — has no room for politics or conspiracies. Its clear-eyed dedication to the people first affected by the attacks — and the selfless bravery of the men and women who worked to rescue the living — was appreciated by critics like David Denby of the New Yorker, who wrote, “The world may not make sense anymore, but Oliver Stone, a warrior still, celebrating courage and endurance, has, in his own way, come home.” 75%7. NixonIn the years immediately following JFK, Stone took detours into war epic territory (Heaven &amp; Earth) and social commentary (Natural Born Killers), but he wasn’t finished with the White House yet. With 1995’s ambitious Nixon, Stone gave us Anthony Hopkins as the disgraced former president and Joan Allen as his wife Pat — and while the 192-minute political epic failed to generate much heat at the box office, both Hopkins and Allen received Oscar nominations for their work in the film, which follows a non-linear path through Nixon’s life and career, taking viewers from his California youth through his resignation. “What it finally adds up to,” argued Janet Maslin of the New York Times, “is a huge mixed bag of waxworks and daring, a film that is furiously ambitious even when it goes flat, and startling even when it settles for eerie, movie-of-the-week mimicry.” 79%6. Wall StreetSmart, sleek, and eminently quotable, Stone’s yuppie jeremiad Wall Street gifted Michael Douglas with what arguably became the most iconic role of his career: He was simply perfect as the oily, morally adrift Gordon Gekko, and although Gekko’s signature proclamation that “greed is good” would go on to haunt Douglas, he was an emblematic character for an era in American history when it became acceptable to not only dedicate your life to the naked pursuit of wealth, but to attain it by any means necessary. Stone, who co-wrote the screenplay, based the character on a number of stockbrokers — including his own father — and Douglas embodied Gekko so well that he ended up winning an Oscar for his work. “Like the rest of Stone’s oeuvre, it’s about as subtle as a sledgehammer,” wrote Christopher Lloyd of the Sarasota Herald-Tribune. “But his filmmaking style is like heavy metal: When he hits the right chords, nobody plays with as much power or brash energy.”&nbsp; 82%5. Talk RadioA rare starring vehicle for monologist/playwright/character actor/cult hero Eric Bogosian, Talk Radio found Stone behind the cameras for a loose adaptation of Bogosian’s play of the same name. Inspired by the real-life assassination of Denver DJ Alan Berg, Radio centers around Dallas radio personality Barry Champlain, whose deliberately provocative style (and decidedly non-Red State political views) make him a target of hate mail and bomb threats even as his show is poised to achieve national syndication. Saying it “has the loony intensity of those impassioned conspiracy theorists who look out at the world and see patterns of corruption spreading in all directions,” the Washington Post’s Hal Hinson declared, “it’s another of Stone’s wake-up calls to America.” 84%4. JFKA two-time Oscar winner and controversial, career-rejuvenating smash hit for Stone, JFK reconstructs John F. Kennedy’s assassination and then spends most of its epic 189-minute length sifting through the wreckage, treating the killing as a murder mystery that New Orleans D.A. Jim Garrison (Kevin Costner) doggedly attempts to solve at any cost. With an impeccable supporting cast that included Sissy Spacek, Kevin Bacon, Tommy Lee Jones, and Gary Oldman, as well as a screenplay that challenged long-held assumptions about Kennedy’s death, JFK reignited interest in the assassination, eventually leading to new legislation that ordered a reinvestigation and promised that all documents related to the killing would be made public by 2017. And while many critics agreed that the movie could have benefited from a more rigorous approach to the facts, it remains, in the words of the Washington Post’s Desson Thomson, “A riveting marriage of fact and fiction.” 87%3. PlatoonThe first installment in Stone’s so-called Vietnam trilogy, 1986’s Platoon took a hard look at American involvement in the Vietnam War — and earned Stone Best Picture and Best Director at the Oscars and the Golden Globes in the bargain. Taking a grunt’s-eye view of the war, it puts a human face on the conflict, pitting Willem Dafoe (as Sergeant Elias, mentor to Chris, the young soldier played by Charlie Sheen) against a fellow sergeant (played by Tom Berenger) in a dreadful battle for the platoon. It is, as Roger Ebert wrote, “A film that says…that before you can make any vast, sweeping statements about Vietnam, you have to begin by understanding the bottom line, which is that a lot of people went over there.” 90%2. Born on the Fourth of JulyHe earned positive reviews for his role in Rain Man, but to many scribes, the Tom Cruise of the late 1980s was little more than the pretty face out in front of critically savaged hits like Cocktail — likable under the right circumstances, but lacking real depth. Oliver Stone saw something different, trusting Cruise with 1989’s Born on the Fourth of July — and Cruise repaid him by delivering the most harrowing performance to that point in his career, committing so deeply to his portrayal of paralyzed Vietnam vet Ron Kovic that, according to Stone, he came close to injecting himself with a solution that would have incurred temporary paralysis. Not all critics loved Fourth of July, but even those who had issues with the film were forced to take notice of Cruise’s performance — and for Vincent Canby of the New York Times, the end result was “the most ambitious nondocumentary film yet made about the entire Vietnam experience.” 89%1. SalvadorStone’s films have received a combined 31 Academy Award nominations (and counting), but he picked up his first for his co-writing credit on the screenplay for Salvador, a 1986 war drama about a rather unlikable American journalist (James Woods, also nominated for an Oscar) who’s burned so many bridges that his only professional recourse is to head to El Salvador with his unemployed DJ buddy (Jim Belushi) to try and find stories in what they initially regard as a relatively inconsequential war. Like a lot of films that try and shine a light on war while shots are still being fired, Salvador bombed at the box office — but it found an appreciative audience with writers like Rob Gonsalves of eFilmCritic, who called it “One of Oliver Stone’s best films, and absolutely James Woods’ best performance.”In case you were wondering, here are Stone’s top 10 movies according RT users’ scores:1. Platoon — 91%2. JFK — 84%3. Salvador — 83%4. Natural Born Killers — 80%5. The Doors — 79%6. Wall Street — 78%7. Talk Radio — 78%8. Nixon — 72%9. Any Given Sunday — 70%10. Heaven &amp; Earth — 70%Take a look through Stone’s complete filmography, as well as the rest of our Total Recall archives. And don’t forget to check out the reviews for Savages.&nbsp;","section":"Total Recall","tags":"Comics, docudrama, Character, Tyler, Amazon, bond, e., American, Extras, Purge, australia, York, diversity, Lifetime, new","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/Born-on-the-Fourth.jpg","slug":"total-recall-oliver-stones-best-movies"},{"id":"47508990141046","title":"Our Favorite Fighting Teams","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Our Favorite Fighting TeamsWe run down some of the coolest -- and deadliest -- fighting squads in the movies.by Jeff Giles | August 6, 2009 |  CommentsAfter all the months of anticipation, rumors, and debates over the merits of accelerator suits, G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra finally storms into theaters this weekend, ready to rescue us from the late-summer movie doldrums. We don’t know about you, but your pals at RT certainly appreciate the effort, and in honor of these real American heroes, we’ve decided to dedicate this week’s Total Recall to our favorite Hollywood action teams, and all they’ve done to save us from decades of nefarious bad guys intent on stealing our crops, hijacking our planes, and just generally giving us a hard time.The action team reached its arguable high point in the ’80s, but it’s actually been a fixture in the cinema for decades, and we’ve sorted through a cross section of the best examples to bring you a list that includes classics from the ’50s and ’60s (Seven Samurai, The Dirty Dozen) as well as definitive entries from the more recent past (Delta Force, Kill Bill). Whether it’s shadowy assassins or flag-waving members of the U.S. military that send you running for the popcorn, we’ve got something that’ll get your testosterone pumping. There’s no time to waste — let’s go Total Recall!10. Navy Seals (1990)  19%Released in 1990, as the military action craze of the 1980s faded away — much like the box office mojo of its star (as Rob Vaux of the Flipside Movie Emporium wrote, this was “the film where we began to suspect that Charlie Sheen might not be as cool as we thought”) — Navy SEALs melded armed forces-boosting thrills, a dense, Clancy-worthy plot, and a soundtrack boasting the combined might of Bon Jovi, Lou Gramm, and Lisa Hartman. If it had been released a few years earlier, it might have been a sizeable hit; as it was, however, critics had no use for these SEALs‘ skills (eFilmCritic’s Oz moaned, “Ohmigod. Bad” repeatedly), and audiences were too busy lining up for Ghost and Die Hard 2 to pay any attention to the exploits of Sheen, Michael Biehn, Bill Paxton, and the rest of their terrorist-defeating buddies. But it wasn’t Charlie’s fault — heck, Delta Force 2: Operation Stranglehold couldn’t even beat The Witches at the box office later that year, and it starred Chuck freakin’ Norris. Sometimes, it seems, people just aren’t in the mood to watch a crew of clean-cut heroes overcome the odds and save the day.9. S.W.A.T. (2003)  48%It takes a special sort of gravitas to pull off a name like “Hondo,” but if anyone can do it, it’s Samuel L. Jackson. Here, Jackson plays the leader of the titular LAPD squad, sent in to shake things up after a renegade crew member (Jeremy Renner) wounds a hostage and leaves the force in a snit. (Who’s the shadowy bad guy behind the events of the film? Three guesses, and the first two don’t count!) Like any self-respecting cinematic commando unit, the Clark Johnson-directed S.W.A.T. is a volatile mixture of disparate personalities, including former SEAL Jim Street (Colin Farrell), single mom Chris Sánchez (Michelle Rodriguez), and the shady T.J. McCabe (Josh Charles) — all of which are wrangled into action against the sinister Alex Montel (Olivier Martinez), a French drug kingpin who promises $100 million to whoever springs him from prison. Though critics were sort of lukewarm to S.W.A.T.‘s TV-inspired big-screen adventures, a not-inconsiderable number of scribes were charmed, including New York Magazine’s Peter Rainier, who wrote, “there is something sneakily gratifying about all this.”8. The Delta Force (1986)  17%In the great military action sweepstakes of early 1986, Iron Eagle may have had Louis Gossett, Jr. and a soundtrack featuring Queen and Twisted Sister, but Delta Force — released one month later — boasted the incomparable terrorist-busting duo of Chuck Norris and Lee Marvin, not to mention supporting turns from Robert Vaughn, George Kennedy, and Joey Bishop. Continuing the grand ’80s tradition of settling real-life scores on the big screen, Delta Force offered a thinly fictionalized version of the TWA Flight 847 hijacking — only instead of the heroic efforts of a real-life flight attendant, Force‘s conflict is settled with some good old-fashioned Hollywood head-bustin’. The only movie ever to feature both Robert Forster as an Arab terrorist and a final act that features freed hostages singing an anthem to the U.S.A., Delta Force was 1986’s undisputed champion of cinematic jingoism… at least until Top Gun came along in May.7. Charlie's Angels (2000)  68%As with most lists culled from action films, this week’s Total Recall is a male-dominated affair — but despite Hollywood’s tendency to forget it, girls are just as capable of kicking butt as the hairier sex, a fact proven by the easy-on-the-eyes trio that lent its name to 2000’s Charlie’s Angels. Equally comfortable punching someone’s lights out as they were jiggling in slow motion, the Angels may have followed the orders of an unseen dude (the titular Charlie), but in every other respect, they were more than capable of holding their own against any adversary — even the creepy Thin Man (played in truly thin and creepy fashion by Crispin Glover). Despite often questionable taste in men (Tom Green?) and a largely unfortunate sequel (2003’s Charlie’s Angels: Full Throttle), the Angels’ original cinematic exploits were so much fun that, as ReelViews’ James Berardinelli wrote, “You’d have to be a hopeless curmudgeon not to be entertained on some juvenile level by this motion picture.”6. The Fraternity of Assassins, Wanted (2008)  71%“Kill one person, maybe save a thousand.” Sounds sort of noble, doesn’t it? And when you get to do it with bullets that can curve around obstacles (or strike from miles away), so much the better. On the other hand, when you’re taking your orders from a mysterious loom — and following the command of a team leader as cagey as the duplicitous Sloan (Morgan Freeman), things are bound to get a little hairy after awhile, as was discovered by Wesley Gibson (James McAvoy) after the Fraternity tricked him into (spoiler alert!) killing his own father. The aftermath of this little misunderstanding left most of the group (another spoiler alert!) deceased, but based on the developments of Wanted‘s final act — as well as the fact that there’s a sequel in the works — we suspect we haven’t seen the last of the Fraternity and its magic loom. Watch your back!5. Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003)  85%A team of killers so awesome it didn’t even matter that they weren’t all named after vipers, the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad carried out the murderous bidding of the mysterious Bill Shichz, whose gift for homicide was exceeded only by his way with the ladies — or his inability to handle rejection from said ladies. That last critical weakness ended up bringing down the Squad when Bill, responding to a surprise cuckolding, commissioned the apparent demise of ex-girlfriend/fellow Viper Beatrix “Black Mamba” Kiddo, thus setting into motion the events of Kill Bill — but before all the nastiness went down, the Vipers were as effective as they were super cool. And with Black Mamba on the loose with her daughter, who knows? Maybe we’ll get a new team of Deadly Vipers someday.4. The Magnificent Seven (1960)  89%Yes, they followed squarely in the footsteps of Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. But what the Magnificent Seven’s adventures lacked in originality, they more than made up for in good old-fashioned Western goodness; plus, with a roster boasting such titans of cool as Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn, James Coburn, and Yul Brynner, it’s awfully hard to complain. Though the Magnificent Seven film franchise went on to become a sequel factory that subbed in actors like Joe Don Baker and George Kennedy, the original — which, similar to Seven Samurai, follows a team of gunslingers as they defend a farming town from violent bandits — is a certified classic of the genre. As Larry Carroll of Counting Down wrote, “If it’s not the greatest Western ever made, it’s certainly in the top three. This is the movie that made Steve McQueen a star.”3. The Warriors (1979)  88%We’ve got some truly tough customers on this list, but how many of them could fight their way from Pelham Bay Park to Coney Island with a city full of enraged gang members on their tails? Only the Warriors. The nine toughs at the center of Walter Hill’s 1979 action classic don’t emerge from their trials and tribulations unscathed (poor Fox!), but they do, at least, manage to clear their names after being framed for the murder of the leader of a rival gang — and although The Warriors‘ ending is a moralistic, Seven Samurai-style downer, it’s hard to feel too bad for a group of ruffians that gets to call Coney Island home. The movie is, as Rob Thomas of Madison’s Capital Times wrote, “a campy treat for anyone who wants to “‘come out and play-ay!'”2. The Dirty Dozen (1967)  80%If you’ve ever enjoyed watching the exploits of a group of squabbling social misfits as they insult one another, clash with their superiors, and ultimately save the world, you’ve got the Dirty Dozen to thank. This unconventional World War II Army unit, made up of soldier convicts who were either on the chain gang or headed for execution, set new standards for both misanthropic heroism (Telly Savalas’ character, Archer Maggott, isn’t someone you’d want to trust your life with) and shocking violence (Roger Ebert, commenting on The Dirty Dozen‘s R rating, quipped, “It’s not obscene as long as they burn to death with their clothes on”). It also raised the bar for action teams’ cool quotients to absurd levels, combining the talents of Savalas, Lee Marvin, John Cassavetes, Charles Bronson, and Jim Brown, just to name a few. Such was the film’s impact that Marvin, Savalas, and Ernest Borgnine ended up starring in a trio of Dirty Dozen TV movies in the ’80s. Many of its main ingredients may seem like old hat now, but The Dirty Dozen remains, in the words of Fulvue Drive-In’s Chuck O’Leary, “A macho male fantasy that still plays to the inner rebel in all viewers who harbor such a streak.”1. Seven Samurai (Shichinin no Samurai) (1956)  100%We have plenty of heavyweight teams on our list, but these guys take the cake — their exploits, chronicled in the 1954 Kurosawa classic that took their name, have gone on to influence everything from The Magnificent Seven and Ocean’s Eleven to Star Wars and A Bug’s Life. And for good reason: what Kurosawa knew — and the rest of us would soon discover — is that taking a disparate group of heroes (and/or anti-heroes) and squaring them off against an insurmountable foe makes, more often than not, for really entertaining cinema. Teaming up here to defend a rural village against a pack of bandits, the Samurai managed to deliver both a sobering treatise on the costs of violence and a thrilling action flick — one which ended up breaking Japanese box office records and further cemented Kurosawa’s reputation as a singularly brilliant director. It is, in the words of the Washington Post’s Desson Thomson, “The greatest action movie ever made.”","section":"Total Recall","tags":"BBC, to, witnail","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"total-recall-our-favorite-fighting-teams"},{"id":"47509130455921","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Unknown Opens Atop 4-Day Presidents’ Day BO","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Unknown Opens Atop 4-Day Presidents' Day BOA moment of Unknown quality in American cinematic history.by Gitesh Pandya | February 22, 2011 |  CommentsLiam Neeson’s latest European-set single-word-titled action thrillerUnknown debuted at number one over the long four-day Presidents’ Dayframe while the hit 3D toon Gnomeo &amp; Juliet gave the Oscar-nominatedstar a run for his money thanks to terrific staying power that allowed itto follow close behind in second. The sci-fi alien flick I Am NumberFour debuted in third place while fellow newcomer Big Mommas: LikeFather, Like Son launched in fifth with each averaging roughly $7,000.Overall ticket sales fell behind the same holiday frames from the last twoyears. It was the first Presidents’ Day weekend in five years with no filmsbreaking $30M.Debuting to an estimated $25.6M over the Friday-to-Monday holiday span,Neeson’s Unknown took the top spot and averaged a solid $8,419 overfour days from 3,043 sites. The PG-13 film about an American in Berlinwhose identity has been taken after a car accident leaves him in a comaplayed to a mature adult crowd and performed much like his 2009 sleeper hitTaken which opened on top over Super Bowl weekend to $24.7M over three daysahead of a $145M run. With Oscar-nominated dramas being the only otherfilms playing to the over-30 set in recent weeks, Unknown arrived as anexciting-looking alternative with a well-liked star. Reviews were mixed buton the same level as those for Taken.[rtimage]siteImageId=10240742[/rtimage]Jumping up one spot to number two was the animated hit Gnomeo &amp;Juliet which dipped to an estimated $24.8M over four days. With strongword-of-mouth, more kids available because of the school holiday, and nocompetition from any other kidpics, Gnomeo held up incredibly well pushingits 11-day total to $55.8M and now seems likely to break the $100M mark.Gnomeo actually beat Unknown on Monday with estimated one-day salesof $5.6M vs. $3.9M.[rtimage]siteImageId=10240739[/rtimage]The sci-fi actioner I Am Number Four, Disney’s first release of aDreamWorks production, opened in third place with an estimated $22.6Mplaying to teens and young adults. Averaging a decent $7,166 from 3,154locations, the PG-13 adaptation of the popular novel featured no majorstars and relied on fans of the book and on teens interested in a highschool tale. Reviews were not too kind. It was expected by many to open atnumber one.[rtimage]siteImageId=10240740[/rtimage]Dropping from first to fourth in its second weekend was the AdamSandler-Jennifer Aniston comedy Just Go With It which grossed anestimated $21.7M. Sony’s latest pic from the bankable funnyman upped itssum to $64.3M in ten days and has a good shot of hitting $100M. That wouldallow Sandler to claim nine-digit hits in nine of the last ten years.Martin Lawrence’s return to the fat suit brought him a fifth place debutfor the Fox comedy sequel Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son whichgrossed an estimated $19M over four days. Averaging $6,735 from 2,821locations, the PG-13 film fell well short of the three-day $25.7M openingof Big Momma’s House from June 2000 as well as the $27.7M of itsfollowup in January 2006. The new Momma, which featuressecond-generation cross-dressing, was not screened for critics by theirdeadlines, but once reviews started appearing they were among the worst forany film in months.Justin Bieber: Never Say Never fell 55% in its sophomore frame whichwas not too bad given that it is a 3D concert biopic meant to drawhysterical fans upfront. Paramount kept the publicity attacks going pastthe opening weekend allowing the 11-day total to climb to $51.4M. Producedfor just $13M, the G-rated pic looks set to finish its run with $70M or so.[rtimage]siteImageId=10240741[/rtimage]Oscar favorite The King’s Speech crossed the $100M mark this weekendand enjoyed another remarkable hold dipping to an estimated $7.9M. Thatpushed the cume for The Weinstein Co. to a stellar $104.7M with $125M ormore possible by the end of the run. Sony’s college thriller TheRoommate followed with an estimated $4.5M for a $33.1M total.[rtimage]siteImageId=10240738[/rtimage]Audiences fled from Channing Tatum as his historical action epic TheEagle tumbled to an estimated $4.3M for a weak tally of $15.8M after 11days for Focus. Natalie Portman rounded out the top ten with her comedyNo Strings Attached which took in an estimated $3.7M for $66.6M todate. Her Oscar contender Black Swan broke the $100M barrier rightbefore the start of the weekend.The top ten films over four days grossed an estimated $150.7M which wasdown 29% from last year’s Presidents’ Day frame when Valentine’s Dayopened in the top spot with $63.1M over four days; and down 14% from 2009’sholiday when Friday the 13th debuted at number one with $43.6M.Author: Gitesh Pandya, Box Office Guru!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"spain, cars, comic, Action, Golden, and, Christmas, on","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Unknown-Opens-Atop-4Day-Presidents-Day-BO"},{"id":"47509136888746","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Vampires and Football Break Thanksgiving Records","content":"\n\n                                            Weekend Box Office\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Box Office Guru Wrapup: Vampires and Football Break Thanksgiving Records\n                        New Moon and The Blind Side help break North American box office record\n                        by Gitesh Pandya | November 29, 2009                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                Audiences feasted on leftovers and drove the North American box office to a new record for the busy Thanksgiving holiday frame. Moviegoers were almost evenly split been vampire love and football heroics as The Twilight Saga: New Moon remained at number one while Sandra Bullock’s The Blind Side held steady in second place with just $2.4M separating the two. That was a far cry from the $108.7M gap between the pair last weekend when they both opened as Twilight tumbled and Blind Side rose this weekend. The disaster film 2012 placed third as no new release managed to make it into the top three. The Top 20 over Thanksgiving weekend has consistently delivered $150-160M over the last six years but this time it soared to $181M, a new industry high.\nJust as with its predecessor one year ago, The Twilight Saga: New Moon suffered a massive sophomore fall dropping 70% to an estimated $42.5M which was still good enough to rule the holiday frame. Summit’s teen soap opera averaged $10,515 from 4,042 theaters and boosted its ten-day total to an amazing $230.7M making it the sixth largest blockbuster of 2009. Over the five-day Wednesday-to-Sunday period, New Moon took in $66M.\n[rtimage]MapID=1206167&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=59&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nLast year’s Twilight also suffered a steep second weekend decline falling 62% before settling in during the month of December with drops of 51%, 39%, 35%, and 9%. New Moon certainly took advantage of intense upfront demand with its record opening weekend, and will now see if it can still sustain much business with the debut and the holiday frames both over. A domestic tally north of $300M is likely depending on how it fares around Christmastime.\nOverseas, the Bella-Edward-Jacob love triangle was still the top draw pulling in an estimated $85.1M from 56 territories. The international cume leaped to $243M pushing the global gross in less than two weeks to a sensational $473.7M. Produced for $50M, the female-skewing pic will easily gross more than $600M worldwide with the highly-anticipated third installment releasing in June.\n[rtimage]MapID=1212694&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=22&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nAs the vampire saga tumbled from last weekend’s gross, the football hit The Blind Side enjoyed a strong spike in ticket sales rising 18% to an estimated $40.1M over the Friday-to-Sunday period. Still in second place, the Sandra Bullock raked in an amazing $57.5M over five days to propel its cume into nine-digit territory. Warner Bros. has banked an impressive $100.3M in ten days and still has much more ahead of it. The feel-good story plus the football theme made it a popular choice with moviegoers over the holiday session. Bullock has now delivered two $100M hits this year as June’s The Proposal, another film with solid legs, took in $164M. This has truly been a comeback year for the Speed star as she’s been without a film reaching the century mark since 2000.\nAudiences that like to see monuments crumble spent an estimated $18M on the disaster pic 2012 in its third frame dropping a reasonable 32% from last weekend. After 17 days, the Sony title has banked $138.8M domestically ranking number 17 for the year among blockbusters. Overseas, 2012 hauled in another $61.6M raising the international total to a stellar $455.8M and the global tally to a sensational $594.5M. Roland Emmerich’s $200M-budgeted destruction flick now ranks fifth for the year worldwide.\n[rtimage]MapID=1207970&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=22&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]\nJohn Travolta and Robin Williams joined forces for the Disney comedy Old Dogs and finished in fourth place with a decent but not strong $16.8M over three days. The PG-rated family entry faced stronger-than-expected competition from the star-driven Blind Side which has been playing broadly. Slammed by critics, Dogs averaged $4,919 from 3,425 theaters and made $24.1M over its five-day debut period. The five-day holiday bow was much lower than the $39.7M three-day non-holiday opening of Wild Hogs, Disney’s previous Travolta vehicle from director Walt Becker. The studio can at least enjoy the fact that it had the top-grossing new release over the long Thanksgiving frame.\nWith moviegoers in a holiday mood, Disney’s ","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"space, Captain, aliens, godzilla, Drama, Awards, Ellie, One, screen, 007, awards, talk, movies, ViacomCBS, 2019","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Vampires-and-Football-Break-Thanksgiving-Records"},{"id":"47509168824501","title":"Black Panther Comic Writer Ta-Nehisi Coates to Reboot Superman for DC, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Black Panther Comic Writer Ta-Nehisi Coates to Reboot Superman for DC, and More Movie NewsEdgar Wright is remaking The Running Man, DC's Blue Beetle gets a director, and new roles for Christian Bale, Ryan Gosling, Julia Roberts, George Clooney, Florence Pugh, and Morgan Freeman.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 26, 2021 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup brings you more headlines from the world of film development news, covering&nbsp;such titles as Blue Beetle, The Running Man, and Spider-Man: No Way Home.This WEEK’S TOP STORYACCLAIMED BLACK PANTHER WRITER TA-NEHISI COATES TO REBOOT SUPERMAN(Photo by Clay Enos/©Warner Bros. Pictures)This week was always going to be a big one for DC Comics, particularly&nbsp;Superman, because Tuesday night was when The CW debuted their new series Superman &amp; Lois, which is currently rated Fresh at 85%,&nbsp;and HBO Max announced&nbsp;that Zack Snyder’s Justice League, which prominently features the character, will debut online on March 18, 2021. The biggest Superman reveal of the week, however, is that J.J. Abrams will produce a Superman reboot to be adapted by award-winning novelist and Black Panther comic book writer Ta-Nehisi Coates. Speaking about his new assignment, Coates remarked, “I look forward to meaningfully adding to the legacy of America’s most iconic mythic hero.” As reported by The Hollywood Reporter, this reboot is “being set up as a Black Superman story” that has roots in previous efforts, including one with Michael B. Jordan in 2019. No director has been announced yet, and the search for the new Kal-El has not yet begun (so someone like Jordan could still be in the running). In related news, Rachel Zegler, who will play Maria in Steven Spielberg’s upcoming remake of West Side Story, has joined the cast&nbsp;of the DC Comics sequel Shazam: Fury of the Gods (6/2/2023) in a secret role.Other Top Headlines1. EDGAR WRIGHT TO REMAKE STEPHEN KING’S&nbsp;THE RUNNING MAN(Photo by ©TriStar Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)Whether they were there for it as it happened (like this writer) or they discovered the era later, fans of 1980s movies likely see the decade as a bounty of riches. Even the movies that weren’t your Ghostbusters, your Back to the Futures, or your Goonies&nbsp;can still be someone’s beloved gems. Consider, for example, the 1987 Arnold Schwarzenegger science fiction film The Running Man (Fresh at 64%), based on a novel written by Stephen King (under his pseudonym Richard Bachman). It’s not&nbsp;exactly a direct adaptation of&nbsp;the book (mostly because the main character is supposed to be an “everyman,” and there’s no world where 1980s Arnold Schwarzenegger would be considered an “everyman”), but it has a legion of fans. Now, it sounds like director Edgar Wright (Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz) agrees that The Running Man deserves another go, because he is attached to do exactly that&nbsp;with an adaptation for Paramount Pictures that is expected to be “more faithful to the source material.” No cast has been announced yet. The Running Man was set in the year 2025, so pretty soon, it’ll be “time to start running!”2. DC SIGNS&nbsp;CHARM CITY KINGS DIRECTOR FOR ITS&nbsp;BLUE BEETLE&nbsp;MOVIE(Photo by DC Comics)Over the past several years, both Warner Bros./DC Comics and their competition at Marvel Studios have released movies that&nbsp;broke new ground in the interests of wider representation, both in the audience and on screen. For example, later this year, Marvel will be releasing Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, which aims to do for an Asian cast what Black Panther (Certified Fresh at 96%) did for a mostly Black cast. This week, WB/DC made a similar move towards a film with a Latino lead superhero&nbsp;with Blue Beetle, based on the second Blue Beetle, whose alter ego is Mexican American teenager Jaime Reyes. Warner Bros.&nbsp;has hired director Angel Manuel Soto (Charm City Kings, Certified Fresh at 81%) to develop the Blue Beetle movie with screenwriter Gareth Dunnet-Alcocer (Miss Bala). Reyes’ Blue Beetle will be DC’s first Latino superhero to headline a film.3. CHRISTIAN BALE TO STAR IN EDGAR ALLEN POE MYSTERY THE PALE BLUE EYE(Photo by Jaap Buitendijk/©Paramount)Christian Bale is now attached to reunite for a third film with director Scott Cooper after previously working with him on Out of the Furnace (Rotten at 54%) and Hostiles (Fresh at 71%). The film will be The Pale Blue Eye, based on the novel by Louis Bayard about a series of murders that take place at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, with Bale playing a veteran detective investigating the murders, aided by “a detail-oriented young cadet who will later become a world famous author, Edgar Allan Poe.” Scott Cooper’s latest film, the horror drama Antlers (10/29/2021) is&nbsp;scheduled to be released on October 29, 2021 after being delayed in 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic.4.&nbsp;RYAN GOSLING WILL BE&nbsp;THE ACTOR(Photo by Elizabeth Goodenough/Everett Collection)Crime novelist Donald E. Westlake died in 2008, leaving behind a film legacy which includes Point Blank (Fresh at 92%), The Stepfather (Fresh at 88%), and The Grifters (Certified Fresh at 91%). Director Duke Johnson, who made his feature film debut alongside Charlie Kaufman with the intense animated drama Anomalisa (Certified Fresh at 92%), is now attached to direct The Actor, based on Donald E. Westlake’s novel Memory. Ryan Gosling is also now attached to star in the film as the title character, a New York City actor in the 1950s who is beaten and left for dead in a small town in Ohio. Before Gosling signed on, Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Pietro from Avengers: Age of Ultron) was also considering joining the project.5. JULIA ROBERTS AND GEORGE CLOONEY TO REUNITE FOR 4TH FILM(Photo by ©Warner Bros.)Julia Roberts did not return for Ocean’s Thirteen (Fresh at 69%) after co-starring in the first two films, but she and George Clooney did reunite for a third film together in 2016, namely Jodie Foster’s Money Monster (Rotten at 58%). We can now report that Roberts and Clooney are now attached to star in a fourth film together, which will be a romantic comedy for Universal Pictures and Working Title called Ticket to Paradise. Ol Parker (The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel) will direct the comedy about ” a divorced couple who journey to Bali to stop their daughter from getting hitched… to stop their daughter from making the same mistake they think they made 25 years ago.” The screenplay is being written by&nbsp;Ted Melfi (St. Vincent; cowriter of Hidden Figures).6.&nbsp;TITLE OF NEXT&nbsp;SPIDER-MAN REVEALED(Photo by Sony Pictures Entertainment)We should start this particular story by noting that April 1st was not in this week (and also that “April Fool’s Day movie joke posts” sort of became Internet uncool about ten years ago, anyway). Having said that, it’s not like Hollywood studios make a habit of trolling their fans&nbsp;(though they could probably get away with it), so Sony Pictures probably gets a pass this week for their little bit of fun. See, what happened was that the three young stars of the next Spider-Man movie (12/17/2021) each posted a still from the film, along with what they claimed was the movie’s title. Tom Holland’s title was Spider-Man: Phone Home (as in the catchphrase from this movie), Jacob Batalon’s title was Spider-Man: Home Wrecker, and Zendaya’s title was Spider-Man: Home Slice. Except, of course, that those were all fake and the title will actually be Spider-Man: No Way Home, which suggests a story that follows the cliffhanger at the end of Spider-Man: Far From Home. As for his future as Spider-Man, Holland also confirmed this week that Spider-Man: No Way Home is the last film for his (current) Marvel Studios contract, but “if they want me back, I’ll be there in a heartbeat.”7. NEILL BLOMKAMP DEVELOPING DISTRICT 9 SEQUEL&nbsp;DISTRICT 10(Photo by ©Sony Pictures Entertainment)South African genre director Neill Blomkamp experience a hot streak of popularity following his 2009 “aliens living among us” sci-fi action film&nbsp;District 9 (Certified Fresh at 90%), including&nbsp; a period when he almost got to make one of the Alien movies. Six years after his third film, Chappie (Rotten at 32%), Blomkamp now appears to be returning to the setting of&nbsp;District 9 (or, at least, one district over from it) with the sequel District 10, which Blomkamp will direct and is currently co-writing. Blomkamp’s writing partners on District 10 are Sharlto Copley (his District 9 star) and Terry Tatchell. Copley isn’t yet confirmed to be starring in District 10, but&nbsp;considering where his character landed at the end of District 9, it’s unclear how large a part he could have even if he did return.8. FLORENCE PUGH AND MORGAN FREEMAN TO STAR IN ZACH BRAFF’S NEXT(Photo by A24)Zach Braff may always be best known for his lead role on the medical comedy TV series Scrubs, but he’s also developed a career as a director, starting in 2004 with Garden State (Certified Fresh at 86%) and most recently including the 2017 remake of Going in Style (Rotten at 47%). For his next film, Braff has attracted two impressive stars in both Florence Pugh (Midsommar, Black Widow) and Morgan Freeman (one of Braff’s Going in Style stars). Pugh will star in A Good Person, which Zach Braff is directing and writing, as a woman whose life falls apart after a fatal accident who forms an unlikely relationship with the older man (Morgan Freeman) who would have been her father-in-law. Pugh will also soon star in Olivia Wilde’s second film as director, Don’t Worry, Darling.9. RESIDENT EVIL TEAM TACKLING GEORGE R.R. MARTIN NEXT(Photo by Rafy/©Screen Gems courtesy Everett Collection)Fantasy and science fiction author George R.R. Martin is very much an old school writer whose legacy has now arguably been claimed by a series that is, relatively speaking, just a teensy-tiny percentage of everything he’s written. Specifically, we’re talking about his (yet unfinished) A Song of Ice and Fire&nbsp;series, which was adapted for HBO as Game of Thrones (Fresh at 89%) and spawned the upcoming prequel series House of the Dragon. One of the many other things&nbsp;Martin has written is the short story In the Lost Lands, a sword-and-sorcery fantasy, which is now going to be adapted by director Paul W.S. Anderson (the Resident Evil franchise) with his wife (and Resident Evil star) Milla Jovovich attached. Jovovich will star as “a dangerous and feared sorceress who is hired by a desperate queen” who teams up with a drifter played by Dave Bautista. Paul W.S. Anderson and Milla Jovovich also recently teamed up on another video game adaptation, Monster Hunter (Rotten at 46%), which opened back in December.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Marvel, Peek, comic","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/26151828/Superman_Reboot-Ketchup-Rep.jpg","slug":"black-panther-comic-writer-ta-nehisi-coates-to-reboot-superman-for-dc-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509196310991","title":"Ant-Man And The Wasp Scheduled for 2018, Furious 8 Gets a Director, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Ant-Man And The Wasp Scheduled for 2018, Furious 8 Gets a Director, and More Movie NewsArya Stark might pilot a Jaeger, Disney's finds its Moana, DC's Flash lands its director, and the Pink Power Ranger is cast.by Greg Dean Schmitz | October 9, 2015 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup focuses on ten top headlines from the last seven days in Hollywood’s film development cycles.&nbsp; Included in the mix this time around are stories about such movies as The Flash, Furious 8, Disney’s Moana, and the J.K. Rowling spinoff Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.This Week’s Top StoryMARVEL’S ANT-MAN AND THE WASP SCHEDULED FOR 2018This year’s New York Comic Con is going on as this column goes live this weekend, and for that reason, it was probably to be expected that some sort of Marvel Studios news might be announced either at the event, or just before. And that is exactly what happened, with most of it coming from the sequel that Marvel Studios announced this week. Following its international box office success, this summer’s Ant-Man has earned a sequel in the form of Ant-Man and the Wasp (7/6/18), with the second half referring to the character played in the first film by Evangeline Lilly. (Or at least one version, as there are hints that the original Wasp, Janet Van Dyne, may also appear in the film, just as Michael Douglas played Doctor Henry Pym in the first.) This announcement, and the release date, makes Wasp the first female Marvel Studios character to be included in one of their film’s titles. (2005’s Elektra doesn’t count because it was released by 20th Century Fox, and not Marvel Studios.)&nbsp;Captain Marvel had previously been expected to be the first, but that film has now been pushed back several months to March 18, 2019.&nbsp; This announcement also makes Ant-Man the first Marvel Studios character to receive a quasi-solo sequel outside of their “big three” (Iron Man, Thor, and Captain America). Marvel’s Black Panther also had its release date changed this week, but it instead was moved up to February 16, 2018.&nbsp; Marvel Studios has also announced three release dates in 2020, but those dates are currently for untitled mystery movies, which are likely to be a combination of sequels and at least one new property (which one is anyone’s guess). Marvel also announced this week that Black Panther is being written by Joe Robert Cole, who came out of the same in-house writers program that produced Nicole Perlman and Guardians of the Galaxy. We also learned this week that Captain Marvel will be written by Meg LeFauve (Pixar’s The Good Dinosaur), and the aforementioned Nicole Perlman.Fresh Developments This Week1.&nbsp;STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON&nbsp;AND INTO… FURIOUS 8Following months of speculation, this week, we learned who the director of the eighth Fast and Furious film will be, and confirmation of the news came directly from the director’s Twitter account.&nbsp;Furious 8 will be directed by F. Gary Gray, whose filmography bears a few hints that he may have been quasi-destined to someday join a franchise like Fast and Furious. Gray previously worked with Vin Diesel on the action/drama A Man Apart in 2003, and also has experience with car-racing action in the form of the remake of The Italian Job (also released in 2003). More recently, F. Gary Gray’s N.W.A. biopic Straight Outta Compton was another of Universal Pictures’ box office hits, following the success of Furious 7. Universal Pictures has scheduled the movie (which is variously described as either Fast 8 or Furious 8) for release on April 14, 2017.2. JAKE GYLLENHAAL AND TILDA SWINTON HEADLINE KOREAN MONSTER MOVIE OKJAAfter an impressive career in South Korea with such films as Memories of Murder, Mother, and The Host, director Bong Joon-ho achieved even greater exposure in 2013 and 2014 with the international release of the science fiction film Snowpiercer. For his next film, Bong is repeating the theme with a new monster/horror film called Okja, which will feature a cast of both Korean and Western/American talents. Tilda Swinton, who costarred in Snowpiercer, was the first Western name announced, and this week, we found several more. Jake Gyllenhaal, Paul Dano (There Will Be Blood), Bill Nighy, and Kelly Macdonald (Boardwalk Empire) are all now in advanced talks to costar in Okja. The premise is currently unknown, except that the lead will be a Korean actress, supported by English-speaking actors filming scenes in New York City.3.&nbsp;PACIFIC RIM DIRECTOR WANTS TO CAST ARYA STARK AS A JAEGER PILOTThe idea of a sequel to the giant-robots-vs-giant-monsters action movie Pacific Rim seemed to hit a roadblock recently when Universal Pictures pulled Pacific Rim 2 from its 2017 schedule. (The move was made to make room for Pitch Perfect 3 on August 4, 2017.) Despite that delay, director Guillermo Del Toro has apparently not given up on the prospect of a Pacific Rim 2 (this is, after all, a director quasi-famous for all of the delays his films have received over the last 15 years or so). Del Toro took to his Twitter account this week to tweet, “Had lunch with Maisie Williams yesterday. Remarkable. Dammit – if PR2 happens, that girl is getting a Jaeger.” GDT is referring to the “Jaeger” giant robots that the pilots in Pacific Rim used to battle the invading giant monsters from another dimension. And Maisie Williams is better known to many fans as Arya Stark, the young sword-wielding heiress-of-Winterfell from HBO’s Game of Thrones.4.&nbsp;RON PERLMAN CAST AS A GOBLIN IN FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMContinuing that thread, as Pacific Rim 2 has hit a development and production delay, it’s probably to be expected that the actors that probably had been planning on spending time on it are now moving on to other projects. One such actor is long-time GDT collaborator Ron Perlman (AKA his Hellboy star). This week, we learned that Ron Perlman has been cast by Warner Bros in their adaptation of J.K. Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Perlman will play a goblin in the film, which expands Rowling’s Harry Potter universe, in an adventure which is set across the Atlantic and 70 years earlier, in the New York City of the 1920s or 1930s. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be directed by four-time Harry Potter director David Yates, and is scheduled for release on November 18, 2016.5. DISNEY ANNOUNCES 14-YEAR-OLD STAR OF ANIMATED ADVENTURE MOANALate last year, Walt Disney Pictures announced a global casting call to find the young lady who would provide the title voice for Moana. The animated film, scheduled for release on November 23, 2015, is a magical adventure set within the mythology of Pacific Islanders. This week, the world learned that the role has gone to 14-year-old newcomer Auli’i Cravalho, who is a Native Hawaiian.&nbsp; The news came via a two minute announcement on YouTube, where you can meet Cravalho, and see the moment when she was offered the lead role as Moana.6.&nbsp;ELLEN PAGE TO STAR IN REMAKE OF JULIA ROBERTS’ FLATLINERSEvery once in a while, a movie gets made just before one of its young stars becomes a major, major movie star. A memorable example of this was the 1990 supernatural drama Flatliners, about five medical school students who start experimenting with near-death experiences.&nbsp;Flatliners was released on July 27, 1990, and its male stars included Kevin Bacon and Kiefer Sutherland (both of whom were already stars from their work in 1980s “teen” movies). What changed in between filming and release, however, is that the female star of Flatliners, Julia Roberts, starred in&nbsp;a movie called Pretty Woman that was released four months earlier on March 23, 1990. For their remake of Flatliners, Sony Pictures and producer Michael Douglas are not choosing another soon-to-be-discovered actress for the female lead. Instead, the role has gone to Ellen Page, the star of Juno, Hard Candy, and the actress who played Kitty Pryde in two of the X-Men movies. The Flatliners remake will be directed by Niels Arden Oplev, who is currently best known for directing the original Swedish version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (the one that made Noomi Rapace a star).Rotten Ideas of The Week3. THE FLASH TO BE DIRECTED BY… A VAMPIRE/ZOMBIE SPECIALIST?Based on the last 50+ years of televised evidence, nailing comic book superhero adaptations in weekly television form is an enterprise with lots of obstacles and hurdles to overcome. One recent such show that audiences and critics appear to think has gotten it “right” is The Flash, which currently holds an impressive 98 percent Tomatometer score. The show has accomplished this at least partly by aiming for “fun” and a light-and-bright approach to the characters and plots. Unlike Marvel, which maintains the same continuity and “universe” for both movies and TV shows, Warner Bros and DC Comics separates their shows and films, and so the same is being done with The Flash (3/23/18). This week, the news broke about which director Warner Bros has hired for The Flash, and their choice was surprising for a few reasons. First of all, screenwriter and producer Seth Grahame-Smith is not (yet) a director, but will be making his debut with The Flash. Grahame-Smith’s career focus has been mostly on books and scripts that “mash up” horror and historical subjects, such as Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, Pride &amp; Prejudice &amp; Zombies (the first trailer of which debuted this week), and to a lesser degree, Tim Burton’s adaptation of Dark Shadows. For that reason, The Flash never seemed like an obvious choice for Grahame-Smith’s feature film directorial debut.&nbsp;Ezra Miller (The Perks of Being a Wallflower) will star as The Flash when it hits theaters on March 23, 2018. It was also reported this week that Warner Bros has restarted development of the long-in-the-works Justice League Dark project, featuring characters like John Constantine, Swamp Thing, Deadman, and Zatanna.2.&nbsp;LIVE-ACTION CRUELLA, IN FIFTY SHADES OF BLACK AND WHITE DOG FURThe Weekly Ketchup first reported on Disney’s plans for a live action Cruella (De Vil) movie two years ago this week. At that time, the studio had hired screenwriter Aline Brosh McKenna to work on the remake, following her work on movies like 27 Dresses and The Devil Wears Prada. Two years later, Walt Disney Pictures is still developing (“fast tracking,” even) the 101 Dalmatians spinoff for Cruella De Vil, and with that news, comes a new screenwriter. The live action reboot is now being adapted by Kelly Marcel, who previously worked with Disney on the “making of Mary Poppins” movie Saving Mr. Banks. Kelly Marcel’s most famous (and most recent) film, however, is Fifty Shades of Grey (25 percent on the Tomatometer). Cruella will be the third major live action version of the character, following Glenn Close’s version in the 1996 and 2001 101 Dalmatians movies, and her appearance last year on ABC’s Once Upon a Time.1.&nbsp;THE PINK POWER RANGER IS THE FIRST NEW POWER RANGERS STAR(Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez / Staff / Getty Images)With a release date only about 15 months away (1/13/17), Lionsgate’s new live action Power Rangers appeared to kick into a new level of pre-production this week, which began&nbsp;with three “short lists” revealed for the Black, Red, and Pink Power Rangers.&nbsp; (The Yellow and Blue Power Rangers will make up the other 40% of the team.) Unsurprisingly, the actors listed are mostly young, and for a movie where much of the budget will probably be spent on monsters and fight sequences, none of them are currently “name stars.” The first confirmed Power Rangers star was then announced on Wednesday via the movie’s Instagram account. The role of the Pink Power Ranger will be played by relative newcomer Naomi Scott, whose filmography includes the teenage daughter Maddy Shannon in the FOX TV series Terra Nova, and a small role in last week’s The Martian. There was also a report this week about the film’s premise (which is not a total reboot as previously reported), including who the main villain will be, but it might be a spoiler to recent seasons of the TV show(s), so click-and-read with that warning. Power Rangers will be the second feature film for director Dean Israelite, who made his debut earlier this year with Project Almanac (34 percent on the Tomatometer).","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"WarnerMedia, cartoon, Trophy, Superheroes, of, rotten, BET, PlayStation, One, awards, video, movies, Pictures, hist","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Ant-ManandTheWasp.jpg","slug":"ant-man-and-the-wasp-scheduled-for-2018-furious-8-gets-a-director-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509207954993","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Tarantino’s Next Film Will Be A Western","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Weekly Ketchup: Tarantino's Next Film Will Be A Western\n                        Also, Disney sets some release dates, and Paramount wants to remake Road House\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | November 27, 2013                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThis Weekly Ketchup comes to you on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and as such, it’s more of a “Semi Weekly Ketchup.” Most of Hollywood just took the week off, but we did get some stories, like Quentin Tarantino talking about his next movie. There’s also release dates for Alice in Wonderland 2 and Friday the 13th, and a remake of… Road House?\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nACCLAIMED FILM JOURNALIST JAY LENO LANDS QUENTIN TARANTINO SCOOP\n\nQuentin Tarantino appeared on The Tonight Show this week to promote a new Django Unchained graphic novel, and gave a scoop to the late night host who gave QT an early taste of fame, pre-Reservoir Dogs. Although he didn’t get into specifics, Tarantino revealed that his next film will be another Western. Whatever the Western is, it won’t be a sequel to Django Unchained, which eventually earned over $425 million in worldwide box office grosses (making it the #17 film of 2012, in between The Intouchables and Prometheus). There are hints out there about what Tarantino’s next Western could be, including the true story of abolitionist John Brown and the Harpers Ferry revolt of 1859 (which was arguably an inspiration for Django Unchained). If the project is truly old school Tarantino, it could be his really-really-long-in-development adaptation of 40 Lashes Less One by Elmore Leonard, although that story also seems like QT may have already done it as Django Unchained. In 40 Lashes Less One, two prisoners (one black, one Apache) are given a chance at freedom if they can hunt down the five most dangerous outlaws of the Wild West.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 JUDD APATOW TO RETURN TO DIRECTING WITH THE AMY SCHUMER COMEDY TRAIN WRECK\n\nJust two weeks after making a producing deal with Universal Pictures (the Key &amp; Peele movie), Judd Apatow has made another deal concerning one of Comedy Central’s current crops of sketch show stars. It was only two years ago that Amy Schumer (Inside Amy Schumer) was eliciting “who’s that?” responses during the Comedy Central Roast of Charlie Sheen, and now she’s lined up to be a movie star. Schumer will star in Train Wreck as “as a basket case who tries to rebuild her life, but still to be found are her boyfriend, a best friend/co-worker and a parent.” Train Wreck is expected to be Judd Apatow’s first film as director since last year’s This is 40 broke his streak of “Fresh” movies which included The 40 Year Old Virgin, Knocked Up, and Funny People. Judd Apatow also produced Bridesmaids, the 2011 hit movie that launched the career of Melissa McCarthy.\n\n\n\nRotten Ideas of the Week\n\t\n#4 DISNEY DATES THE JUNGLE BOOK AND ALICE IN WONDERLAND 2\n\nWalt Disney Pictures is continuing their live action adaptations of titles that were previous among their animated classics. Two of those movies (previously covered in this column, but it’s a slow week) received release dates this week. The update of Rudyard Kipling’s The Jungle Book (to be directed by Jon Favreau of Iron Man) will be released on October 9, 2015. The sequel to Tim Burton’s Alice in Wonderland (to be directed by James Bobin of The Muppets and The Muppets Most Wanted) will be release on May 27, 2016. The only other movie currently scheduled for May, 2016 is another Disney movie (on May 6), an untitled Marvel movie (which might be Doctor Strange). This news is Rotten this week because a) Tim Burton’s Alice in Wonderland was “Rotten” with 51%, and b) do we really need another live action Jungle Book? It’s been done before.  Both of these movies will be released in 2D and 3D.\n\n\n\t\n#3 JOHN CUSACK, BRUCE WILLIS, AND 50 CENT TO COSTAR IN THE PRINCE\n\nAs Blu-ray and DVD rentals continue to plummet, can there still be such a thing as “direct-to-DVD” movies? (Answer: they will probably just become “direct-to-streaming” movies.) One production company that has been in this game for a really long time is Emmett/Furla, and one of their directors is one Brian A. Miller.  You can see his RT Tomatometer page here, but it’s without the benefit of Fresh/Rotten tags, because, you know… critics often skip direct-to-DVD titles. We don’t yet know if Miller’s next project will receive a theatrical release, but the cast includes a few big names (most of which  have in the past have also appeared in direct-to-DVD movies). John Cusack, Jason Patric, Korean pop star Rain, and Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson have joined the previously cast Bruce Willis in The Prince. Patric will star as “a retired Las Vegas mob enforcer who is forced to return to the city and face his former enemies when his teenage daughter goes missing.” This will be 50 Cent’s third film with director Brian A. Miller.  Hey, it’s a slow (and short) week.\n\n\n\t\n#2 PARAMOUNT SETS A FRIDAY THE 13TH RELEASE DATE FOR… FRIDAY THE 13TH\n\nEarlier this year, there was a movie development story about an odd deal of movie rights being traded in exchange for just one movie. In exchange for getting 100% of Christopher Nolan’s Interstellar, Warner Bros gave Paramount Pictures a few different things, including half of a future South Park movie, another untitled “A list” movie, and the full rights to the Friday the 13th horror franchise. This week, we received confirmation that Paramount doesn’t plan on letting that last trade go unused for long, because they have set a release date of March 13, 2015 for a new Friday the 13th movie.  That is, of course, a “Friday the 13th”, one of three in 2015 (the other two are in February and November). What we don’t know is whether this will be a sequel to the 2009 reboot, another new reboot, a prequel, a remake, or what. This is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas because, regardless of the fan love for the franchise, the Friday the 13th movies almost never get glowing reviews. It was also probably a bad deal for Paramount over all, if Interstellar does anything close to the box office business achieved by Gravity (also a Warner Bros outer space movie from an acclaimed director). In other release date news, the troubled western production Jane Got a Gun, featuring Natalie Portman and Ewan McGregor, will be released by Relativity Media in the pre-Labor-Day dead zone of August 29, 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#1 THE REMAKING OF PATRICK SWAYZE’S CAREER CONTINUES WITH… ROAD HOUSE\n\nWhen Patrick Swayze died of pancreatic cancer on September 14, 2009, for some reason, it set Hollywood on track to basically remake the actor’s greatest cinematic hits. The Red Dawn remake came out last year, the remake of Point Break is expected to start soon, and the remake of Dirty Dancing might start production in 2014. Now, MGM has announced plans to remake the 1989 Patrick Swayze movie Road House, which has in recent years become a popular “midnight movie” selection at theaters that specialize in such things.  Swayze starred in Road House as a mysterious drifter with a mysterious past who was mysteriously hired to mysteriously work as a mysterious cooler at a Missouri bar, mysteriously. The movie also had some great quotes. Anyway, MGM will have to find the 21st century version of Patrick Swayze to star in the movie, whoever that is (Charlie Hunnam, maybe?). The Road House remake will be directed by Rob Cohen, whose filmography includes The Skulls, xXx, Stealth, Alex Cross, and the 2001 version of The Fast and the Furious which launched the franchise. There’s no word yet about remakes of Uncommon Valor, The Outsiders, Ghost, and To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar, but those are pretty much all that’s missing now. Rob Cohen has previously worked twice with Vin Diesel, who made dubious headlines this week with a Facebook comment about Ang Lee possibly directing him in the (previously announced) movie version of Kojak. As far as we know, Ang Lee’s next movie will be the 3D project about great boxing matches.\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Poppins, RT, breaking, films, Family, Turner","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Tarantinos-Next-Film-Will-Be-A-Western"},{"id":"47509216212622","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Dwayne Johnson May Be Hercules","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Dwayne Johnson May Be HerculesAlso, new projects for Edgar Wright and Guillermo del Toro, and Disney's next theme park adaptation is extreme.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 24, 2012 |  CommentsAfter last week’s column that was almost entirely Rotten, this week saw the movie news cycle return to a more stable balance. These ten stories feature some big names both in front of (Dwayne Johnson, Johnny Depp, Paul Walker) and behind the camera (Guillermo del Toro, Edgar Wright), as well as a Nelson Mandela biopic and a movie about Irish hero Cú Chulainn.This Week’s Top StoryDWAYNE JOHNSON’S GRANDMA MIGHT CLAP AND EXCLAIM, “HERCULES! HERCULES! HERCULES!”The world may never actually get to see Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson star in the long-planned Kamehameha historical biopic that was much talked about in the early 2000s. Instead, Johnson is now in talks with MGM to star in Hercules, to be directed by Brett Ratner (Tower Heist, X-Men: The Last Stand and all three Rush Hour movies). Rather than being directly based upon the original Greek myths about the demi god Hercules, this Hercules movie will be based upon two comic book series published by Radical Publishing: Hercules: The Thracian Wars and Hercules: The Knives of Kush. As detailed on their Wikipedia page, Radical’s strategy as a company “in the comic book business is to create properties that are pre-packaged for adaptation to film and other media.” The Hercules script was adapted from those comic books (and the related materials created by Radical to help sell the property) by Ryan Condal, who also cowrote the currently shelved Warner Bros adaptation of John Milton’s Paradise Lost.Fresh Developments This Week#1 JOHNNY DEPP’S NIGHT STALKER ATTRACTS DIRECTOR EDGAR WRIGHTOne could interpret Johnny Depp’s current movie plans as being in the midst of a wave of TV series adaptations. Depp has a cameo in next month’s 21 Jump Street (the show that launched his career); in May, he stars in the 1960s-1970s soap opera adaptation Dark Shadows, and then in 2013, he’ll be playing Tonto in The Lone Ranger, which, among other things, was one of the original hit TV series (1949 to 1957). On top of all that, Johnny Depp is also producing and is likely to star in a Walt Disney Pictures adaptation of the 1974-1975 ABC TV series Kolchak: The Night Stalker, about a reporter whose cases regularly involve supernatural beings like vampires, werewolves and zombies. Although Disney’s The Night Stalker doesn’t yet have a writer to actually adapt a script, the studio has already hired Edgar Wright, the British director of Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Scott Pilgrim Vs the World. The Night Stalker joins Edgar Wright’s still-in-development Marvel Comics adaptation Ant-Man, which is also based at Walt Disney Pictures as part of Disney’s 2009 acquisition of Marvel, and Wright is also still developing The World’s End, which will end the “Three Flavours Cornetto Trilogy” of movies starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.#2 GUILLERMO DEL TORO’S DAY OF THE DEAD ISN’T A REMAKEGiven director/producer Guillermo Del Toro’s long ties to the horror genre (Cronos, Mimic, The Devil’s Backbone), one might reasonably expect a movie titled Day of the Dead to be a zombie remake. Or, one could remember that del Toro is Mexican, and that “Dia de Muertos” is a major holiday there, and that would be the correct assumption. Guillermo del Toro will be producing a CGI animated film called Day of the Dead that is scheduled for release in the fall of 2014 (November 1-2 being the dates of the festivities). Day of the Dead will tell “a Romeo and Juliet style love story set against a Mexican ‘Day of the Dead’ backdrop.” The film will be directed and cowritten by Jorge R. Gutierrez, the writer/animator/producer of the 2007-2008 Nickelodeon animated TV series El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera. At this point, Day of the Dead also appears to be an independent production, but Guillermo del Toro’s involvement will undoubtedly help the movie secure distribution at some point in the next 30 months.#3 MICHAEL FASSBENDER TO BE BOTH THE COUNSELOR AND CU CHULAINNAfter a very successful year that included roles in Jane Eyre, X-Men: First Class, A Dangerous Method and Shame, Michael Fassbender continues to land hot new roles on a fairly regular basis. One of his upcoming roles is in Ridley Scott’s Prometheus, and after a few weeks of rumors, this week we found out for sure that Fassbender and Scott will be working together again soon. Fassbender will star in The Counselor as an attorney who gets involved with the drug business. The project is developing very quickly, as it was just a short while ago that novelist Cormac McCarthy (The Road, No Country for Old Men) sold it as his first ever spec script, and then soon after, Ridley Scott came aboard as director. The next step is the casting of the film’s villain, and the actors that are reportedly being considered for the prime role include Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner, and Brad Pitt. Michael Fassbender is not content to just star in other people’s projects, however, as he is also getting into producing. The Irish/German actor has his eye on the legends of Cú Chulainn, the central figure in the Ulster Cycle in Irish mythology of the 8th century. To get the project started, Michael Fassbender has hired Public Enemies cowriter Ronan Bennett to start cracking on adapting the original Old Irish poems.#4 IDRIS ELBA: FROM THE WIRE AND THOR TO… THE NELSON MANDELA BIOPICSouth African leader Nelson Mandela has been showing up quite a bit in the movies lately, as portrayed by Morgan Freeman (Invictus), Terrence Howard (Winnie) and David Harewood (Mrs. Mandela). What the world hasn’t yet gotten, however, is a proper biopic just about Mandela himself (and not, say, his wife or a sports team). That is, however, not for the lack of trying, as attempts to adapt Mandela’s autobiography, Long Walk to Freedom, have been ongoing for about a decade now (including a time, pre-Invictus, when Morgan Freeman was expected to star in it). Now, Idris Elba (The Wire, Thor) has confirmed that not only is he signed to star as Nelson Mandela in Long Walk to Freedom, but that filming is scheduled to begin later this summer. What isn’t yet known is who will be directing, or what the status of the screenplay currently is.#5 DREAMWORKS REVEALS THEIR STAR-STUDDED TURBO CASTExcept for Megamind, we’re currently in a near-streak of sequels and spin offs from DreamWorks Animation, but after Madagascar 3: Europe’s Most Wanted, the opposite will happen: five original movies in a row. The third film in that line up will be the 7/19/13 release Turbo, about a snail whose dreams of racing are fulfilled when he somehow is endowed with super speed. This week, we found out who exactly will be starring in Turbo, and it’s quite a list. Ryan Reynolds will be providing the voice of Turbo himself, while the rest of the voice cast includes (in alphabetical order) Snoop Dogg, Paul Giamatti, Luis Guzman, Bill Hader, Samuel L. Jackson, Richard Jenkins, Ken Jeong, Michael Pena, Michelle Rodriguez, Maya Rudolph, Ben Schwartz and Kurtwood Smith. Longtime DreamWorks animator David Soren will be making his feature film directorial debut with Turbo after previously directing the direct-to-video title Merry Madagascar.Rotten Ideas of the Week#4 WARNER BROS REPLACES SHELVED LIVE ACTION AKIRA WITH PLANS FOR BLEACHWarner Bros has been making movie news for years now with their plans for a live action Akira remake, but that project has now been indefinitely shelved. However, the studio seems intent on bringing some manga to live action, as Warner Bros is now developing an adaptation of Tite Kubo’s Bleach. In the original manga series, a teenager with the ability to see spirits gets an upgrade to his abilities when he becomes a “Soul Reaper,” a personification similar to the Grim Reaper. Bleach has also already been adapted as an anime TV series, four anime feature films, a series of rock musicals, a series of video games and a collectible trading card game. Warner Bros has recruited comedy director Peter Segal (Get Smart, Anger Management, 50 First Dates) to produce, and potentially direct. The screenwriting adaptation will be handled by Dan Mazeau, whose feature film debut will be as a cowriter of Warner Bros’ upcoming sequel Wrath of the Gods. The reason Bleach is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas mostly has to do with the strange decision to give this manga adaptation to a comedy director, and a screenwriter whose only credit to date is a sequel to a remake that wasn’t particularly well received.#3 JOHN MCCLANE’S SON WILL BE… NEWCOMER JAI COURTNEYEver since 20th Century Fox revealed that the fifth film in the Die Hard series, A Good Day to Die Hard, would prominently feature John McClane, Jr. (as well as Bruce Willis as his dad), there have been a lot of names rumored to be in the running for the role. At various points, that list has included D.J. Cotrona, James Badge Dale, Liam Hemsworth and Aaron Paul. This week, however, we found out who actually landed the role, and it is… nearly unknown Australian actor Jai Courtney. Jai Courtney has appeared in several episodes of Spartacus: Vengeance and will costar with Tom Cruise in One Shot. Bruce Willis and Jai Courtney’s father/son adventures will take them to Moscow, where they will fight bad guys, save the world, and such. Director John Moore (Max Payne, Flight of the Phoenix) will start filming A Good Day to Die Hard in April, and 20th Century Fox has already scheduled the film for release on February 14, 2013. John Moore’s RT Tomatometer scores are also why A Good Day to Die Hard continues to be a Rotten Idea… especially for long time fans of the franchise.#2 PAUL WALKER TO SCALE A SKYSCRAPER FOR UNIVERSAL PICTURESPaul Walker has signed a producing deal with Universal Pictures that comes along with him signing on to star in the studio’s disaster movie, Skyscraper. This week’s story doesn’t really explain what Skyscraper is, but if we go back a few years to 2008, the announcement back then explained that Skyscraper is a Towering Inferno-style disaster movie about a mile high building in Chicago that goes wrong, forcing a crew to save the city from mayhem (presumably because a building that big is about to fall on everyone’s heads). One also has to wonder if this is truly a sign that we are moving past post-9/11 paranoia, into the time when a movie about a massive skyscraper falling down is seen as a suitable entertainment. There’s no director for Skyscraper yet, and the script’s writer Mike Sobel doesn’t yet have any proper credits outside of working as an assistant on two direct-to-video sequels. In addition to Paul Walker presumably getting a producer credit, Skyscraper will be produced by Neal Moritz and Original Films, with whom Paul Walker has worked in the past on the Fast and the Furious movies. And, speaking of which… Walker’s next movie will be Fast &amp; Furious 6, which is already scheduled for release on May 24, 2013. As for why Skyscraper is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas… here’s a link to Paul Walker’s RT Tomatometer page. Nuff said, right?#1 DISNEY’S YETI/MATTERHORN MOVIE TO BE TOTALLY EXTREME, TO THE MAX!Walt Disney Pictures continues to develop movies based on other theme park attractions besides Pirates of the Caribbean, but in the case of at least one of them, the connection seems to be variable. The ride in question is the Matterhorn at Disneyland, and the movie that is supposedly inspired by it is currently untitled, and may not have the word Matterhorn in it at all. This week, Disney hired screenwriter Ehren Kruger (The Brothers Grimm, Scream 3, Transformers: Dark of the Moon) to work on the screenplay, and along with that hiring, we got a synopsis for the movie. Whatever the title ends up being, the movie will be about “five young adventure seekers — an action sports guy, travel guide, cartographer, archeologist and escape artist — who venture into the Alps for mysterious reasons and face Yetis that guard a secret.” It’s worth noting that “Yetis” are a myth most often associated with a completely different mountain range (the Himalayas) which are way, way, way far away from the Alps, but to be fair, that’s a mistake that the Disneyland ride has always made as well. As for why this untitled “hardcore adventuring” theme park adaptation movie is the week’s Most Rotten Idea, it isn’t really because of (just) that, anyway. Nope, it’s because of all the little green splotches on Ehren Kruger’s RT Tomatometer page.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via Facebook or a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"OWN, spanish, Disney, talk, TV, golden, killer, best, comedies, pirates, lord, on, Diego","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Dwayne-Johnson-May-Be-Hercules"},{"id":"47509135712159","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Shutter Island Takes the Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Shutter Island Takes the WeekendScorsese scores the second highest opening of the year.by Gitesh Pandya | February 21, 2010 |  CommentsMartin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio scored the biggest openings of their careers with the psychological thriller Shutter Island, the fourth teaming between the two men, which easily led the North American box office. With no other films debuting in wide release, the rest of the top ten was filled with holdovers, most of which dropped by more than 50% from last weekend’s record holiday session. The top ten films beat out year-ago levels, however the Top 20 fell behind last year’s performance due to the current marketplace’s lack of depth.[rtimage]MapID=1198124&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=13&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Moviegoers spent the weekend with the criminally insane as the mystery thriller Shutter Island debuted at number one with an estimated $40.2M. Paramount launched the R-rated film in 2,991 theaters and averaged a strong $13,440 per site. Previous bests for the men were $26.9M for the director’s The Departed and $30.1M for the actor’s Catch Me If You Can. Last August, the studio surprised the industry by moving Shutter from October 2 (the same slot that worked wonders for Departed) to this current weekend. While the date change took the film out of this winter’s awards season, it allowed the pic to squeeze more value from its marketing materials. Plus the studio was able to run a very well-received TV spot during the Super Bowl two weeks ago to help heighten excitement.Shutter Island scored the ninth biggest opening in February and the fourth best for an R-rated film. It was also the second highest for 2010 behind just Valentine’s Day from last weekend. Studio research showed that the $75M production played evenly among males and females as well as with those over and under 25. Reviews were good overall but critics were not ecstatic. Scorsese’s films have typically been more artsy and have almost always debuted to less than $12M from more narrow releases. Shutter was a more commercial vehicle and was sold as a mainstream thriller from an Oscar-winning filmmaker which was all that was needed to convince ticket buyers.[rtimage]MapID=1219218&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=53&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]After a huge top spot debut, the romantic comedy Valentine’s Day couldn’t score a second date with audiences as the Warner Bros. release tumbled by a disturbing 70% to an estimated $17.2M. But it was still a good showing for a film of its type in the sophomore frame and helped to boost the ten-day tally to a solid $87.4M. Much of the decline was due to Sunday’s take which fell sharply from last Sunday which was Valentine’s Day. Compared to last weekend’s daily grosses, the PG-13 film dropped 61% on Friday, 60% on Saturday, but a steep 82% on Sunday. A final tally of $120-130M seems likely.[rtimage]MapID=1194501&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=7&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]The unstoppable Na’vi pic Avatar climbed one spot to third with an estimated $16.1M, off only 32%, boosting the record-shattering total to $687.8M. James Cameron is on track to score the first-ever $700M-grossing blockbuster by next Sunday, the last day of February.Fox claimed fourth place too with the fantasy adventure Percy Jackson &amp; The Olympians which dropped 51% to an estimated $15.3M in its second round. The PG-rated effects pic has banked $58.8M in ten days and has a shot at breaking the $100M mark by the end of its run. Universal’s monster flick The Wolfman suffered a 69% fall to an estimated $9.8M and lifted its cume to $50.3M in ten days. Produced for over $100M, the R-rated thriller should finish with around $70M.[rtimage]MapID=1220192&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=9&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Former chart-topper Dear John ranked sixth with an estimated $7.3M, off 55%, giving Sony $66M to date. Playing to a slightly different audience, The Tooth Fairy slipped only 26% to an estimated $4.5M for a $49.9M sum for Fox.The studio’s fourth title in the top ten came from Fox Searchlight’s Oscar contender Crazy Heart which dipped only 29% to an estimated $3M for a $21.6M total thus far. John Travolta’s From Paris With Love dropped 55% to an estimated $2.5M while Mel Gibson’s Edge of Darkness fell 54% to an estimated $2.2M. Cumes stand at $21.2M and $40.3M, respectively.[rtimage]MapID=10012063&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=10&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]It was an eventful weekend for director Roman Polanski who is currently under house arrest in Switzerland. His newest film The Ghost Writer won him the Silver Lion award for best director at the Berlin International Film Festival and also generated a muscular platform launch in the United States with an estimated $179,000 from just four theaters for a sizzling $44,750 average. Bowing in only two locations a piece in New York and Los Angeles, Summit’s PG-13 film starring Pierce Brosnan, Ewan McGregor, Kim Cattrall, and Tom Wilkinson earned strong reviews but just a moderate B+ CinemaScore from ticket buyers. Ghost expands into ten more markets on Friday as it continues to roll out across the country.The top ten films grossed an estimated $118.1M which was up 5% from last year when Madea Goes To Jail opened in the top spot with $41M; and up 39% from 2008 when Vantage Point debuted at number one with $22.9M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"USA, miniseries","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Shutter-Island-Takes-the-Weekend"},{"id":"47612790061370","title":"On DVD This Week: Mad Max: Fury Road, Good Kill, New Girl S4, And More","content":"RT on DVDvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})On DVD This Week: Mad Max: Fury Road, Good Kill, New Girl S4, And Moreby Ryan Fujitani | August 31, 2015 |  CommentsThis week on home video, we’ve got one of the biggest blockbusters of the summer, a whole bunch of indie films (some of them well worth a watch), and a few noteworthy seasons of television. Read on for details:Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)  97%Tom Hardy plays the title role in George Miller’s return to the post-apocalyptic franchise, in which the Road Warrior finds himself allied with a rebellious lieutenant (Charlize Theron) who defies a warlord and leads a high octane chase across a deserted wasteland. The Blu-ray contains a wealth of extras on the making of the film, the vehicles, and the cast. A new Mad Max Anthology, containing all four films, is also available.Get it HereI'll See You in My Dreams (2015)  93%Blythe Danner, Sam Elliott, Martin Starr, Mary Kay Place, and June Squibb star in this Certified Fresh dramedy about a retiree who forges several new friendships after her beloved dog dies. Available on DVD and Blu-ray.Get it HereDior and I (2015)  84%This Certified Fresh documentary profiles the inner workings of the famous fashion brand as it transitions to a new artistic director and attempts to fulfill his vision as he creates his new couture collection. Only available on DVD.Get it HereGood Kill (2015)  75%Ethan Hawke and January Jones star in this Certified Fresh drama about&nbsp;a drone pilot whose work begins to tear at his conscience. Available on DVD and Blu-ray.Get it HereThe Harvest (2015)  72%Samantha Morton and Michael Shannon star in John McNaughton’s&nbsp;horror thriller about a young girl who moves in with her grandparents and befriends a severely ill neighborhood boy, only to discover something sinister may be going on in his home. Available on DVD and Blu-ray.Get it HereThe D Train (2015)  53%Jack Black and James Marsden star in this comedy about a man who convinces the most popular guy from high school to accompany him back to their 20th class reunion, but ends up biting off more than he can chew in the process. Available on DVD and Blu-ray.Get it HereThe Face Of An Angel (2015)  37%Michael Winterbottom’s latest effort stars Daniel Brühl and Kate Beckinsale in a psychological thriller inspired by&nbsp;the story of Amanda Knox, an American woman who was imprisoned for four years in Italy for the murder of her roommate. The film focuses on a journalist and a documentary filmmaker who both seek the truth behind the crime.Get it HereNew Girl: Season 4 (2014)  100%In the hit FOX comedy’s fourth season, a newly single Jess (Zooey Deschanel) and Nick (Jake Johnson) reenter the dating pool, &nbsp;while Coach (Damon Wayans, Jr.) and Schmidt (Max Greenfield) deal with their own relationship troubles and Winston (Lamorne Morris) attempts to graduate from the police academy. Available on DVD.Get it HereNashville: Season 3 (2014)  100%Connie Britton, Hayden Panettiere, and Clare Bowen star in this ABC drama about country music artists&nbsp;at different stages of their career. One is an aging superstar whose career is on the downswing, one&nbsp;is a rising country pop artist, and the last a more subdued singer-songwriter. Season three is only available on DVD.Get it Here&nbsp;Madam Secretary: Season 1 (2014)  67%Tea Leoni stars in this new political drama from CBS about a former CIA analyst who becomes the new Secretary of State but quickly butts heads with other members of the White House staff with her straightforwardness and independent attitude. Season one is available on DVD.Get it Here&nbsp;The Vampire Diaries: Season 6 (2014)  81%Nina Dobrev (in her final season), Paul Wesley, and Ian Somerhalder lead an ensemble cast in the CW’s wildly popular supernatural drama, centering on a fictional Virginia town where a teenage girl falls in love with a vampire and sets into motion a series of dramatic events.Get it Here","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"comedies, facebook, Peacock, The, award, YA, what, kong, Max, HBO, streaming, Con","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"on-dvd-this-week-mad-max-fury-road-good-kill-new-girl-s4-and-more"},{"id":"47509232196387","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Dragonball, Hangover sequels announced","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Dragonball, Hangover sequels announcedPlus Jackie Earle Haley confirmed as Freddy Kruegerby Greg Dean Schmitz | April 10, 2009 |  CommentsThis week, Hollywood seemed to actually be listening to our usual complaints, as most of the new projects that were announced could be described as genuinely original concepts, except for a couple of sequels, both of which are for movies that aren’t even out yet, and one videogame adaptation that is based upon a game that is more of a critic’s favorite than just your typical dumbed down fan favorite.#1 NEVER TOO SOON FOR A SEQUEL? DRAGONBALL 2 AND THE HANGOVER 2 GET SCRIPTSDragonball: Evolution first hits theaters today, and Warner Bros’ The Hangover won’t be in theaters until June 5, 2009, but that hasn’t stopped either movie from already having sequel scripts being worked on. Justin Chatwin, who stars as the spiky-haired Goku, revealed to MTV this week that the script for the second Dragonball has already been finished and that it “really goes to some different places that I’ve never seen in any comic book adaptation.” And then there’s The Hangover, the Todd Phillips (Old School) comedy about three drunken friends who lose the bachelor when they take him to Las Vegas for his bachelor party, and have to retrace their steps the next day to find him. Basically, it’s the same plot as Dude, Where’s My Car?, but except it’s the Dude that got lost. Warner Bros hired Todd Phillips and his writing partner Scot Armstrong (Road Trip, School for Scoundrels) to get started already on a sequel this week (in what is described as a “multi-million dollar commitment). This comes just a week after Paramount hired J.J. Abrams and Lost show co-runner Damon Lindelof to get started on a Star Trek sequel script as well. In all three cases, the producers are showing a great deal of confidence in their respective movies, but you can bet that if any of the three prove to be disappointments at the box office, this paragraph will probably be the last you ever head of any such sequels, unless it’s in a post-release article about the folly of prematurely spending a lot of money on sequels that people won’t want to see.#2 JACKIE CONFIRMED AS FREDDYAlthough he had been rumored to be the front runner for the role of Freddy Krueger since February, it was this week that Jackie Earle Haley, AKA Rorschach in Watchmen, was officially announced by New Line Cinema as starring in the Platinum Dunes remake of Wes Craven’s A Nightmare on Elm Street. Also joining the cast as the young male lead Quentin, who runs his school’s podcast radio station, is Kyle Gallner, who is currently starring in A Haunting in Connecticut as the kid who has obviously fake CGI stuff coming out of his mouth in the ads that won’t stop showing up on 80% of the sites that I visit (which is my entire knowledge of that movie). Prolific music video director Samuel Bayer (Nirvana’s Smells Like Teen Spirit) is making his feature film debut from a script by Wesley Strick (1991’s Cape Fear; cowriter of Doom), with filming scheduled to start in May, 2009 in Chicago for a release on April 16, 2010.#3 SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS (NOT THE X-MAN)One of the ongoing debates in the video game community is whether games can be considered art, and two of the games that are often held up as examples are 2001’s Ico and the next game from the same studio, 2005’s Shadow of the Colossus for the PS2. With the possible exception of Silent Hill (which had plenty of critics as well), there really hasn’t yet been a truly effective game-based movie, but Sony has hired screenwriter Justin Marks (Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li and the upcoming 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea: Captain Nemo) to see if perhaps Shadow of the Colossus might just be the game that can make the transition successfully. Shadow of the Colossus is about an adventurer named Wander who travels across bleak landscapes on his horse, climbing onto massive Godzilla-sized monsters, looking for the weaknesses that will allow him to bring down the great monstrosities. Both Ico and Shadow of the Colossus are beautifully rendered games, even by today’s graphical standards, and so much of the visual groundwork, in cinematic terms, has already been established, so I can definitely see that Shadow of the Colossus could be an amazing movie if the same standards can be achieved. The important thing has got to be for the filmmakers not to “dumb down” the concept.#4 DECADES WITHOUT AN EASTER BUNNY MOVIE, AND NOW HERE’S TWO!Santa Claus is the frequent subject of movies, but can you name one about the Easter Bunny that actually made it to theaters (1971’s Here Comes Peter Cottontail was a TV movie). Well, all of a sudden, this lack of Easter-related rabbit representation could go from zero to two, as Hollywood enters into yet another of those cases of dueling movies that the industry is so fond of, and to make it even more semi-ridiculous, the titles are the easily confused I Hop and Hip Hop. Now someone just has to figure out how to adapt Dr. Seuss’ Hop on Pop into having something to do with Easter. Universal’s I Hop is about a “slacker” who runs over the Easter Bunny and so he has to train up to take the Bunny’s place the next year, doing whatever it is that the Easter Bunny does (hiding eggs, I guess?). I Hop was written by the writing team of Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio (Horton Hears a Who, Bubble Boy), who were also among the extensive writing staff of The Santa Clause 2. Universal is looking for two comedy stars (one as the “slacker” and one as the voice of the Easter Bunny), and hopes to have it fast tracked in time for a pre-Easter, 2010 release date. And then there’s Sony’s Hip Hop, which is described as being in the vein of Alvin and the Chipmunks, as it will be a CGI/live-action combo comedy about the Easter Bunny going into retirement and becoming a family’s pet, where he causes all sorts of mischief and ensuing highjinks. Hip Hop was written by first timer Greg Ostrin and Michael Weiss (Octopus 2: River of Fear; cowriter of Journey to the Center of the Earth).#5 CHRISTIAN BALE, MARK WAHLBERG AND BRYAN SINGER TO TAKE PRISONERS?Christian Bale is in talks to join Mark Wahlberg in a thriller called Prisoners, which Bryan Singer (X-Men, The Usual Suspects) is considering directing. Prisoners is about a small town “Bible reading, deer hunting survivalist” carpenter (Wahlberg) who comes into conflict with a big city detective (Bale) when his 6-year-old daughter and her friend are abducted, with the carpenter eventually taking the law into his own hands, kidnapping and torturing the man that he feels is responsible for the crime. Given the surprising success of Taken, it’s not surprising that a story like this is being considered suitable material for two A List stars and one of the most successful directors working today.#6 ZAC EFRON IS IN A FULL METAL PANIC?Mandalay Pictures has acquired the theatrical rights to produce a live action adaptation of the Japanese manga Full Metal Panic!, which has also been adapted as three anime television series. Full Metal Panic! is described as blending comedy, high school romance and action (specifically the sci-fi armored mech variety common in manga &amp; anime). Reportedly in talks to possibly star as the young anti-terrorist member of Mithril who is assigned to protect a teenage girl is none other than current teen heartthrob Zac Efron (High School Musical) who is also expected to star in Warner Bros’ upcoming Jonny Quest movie.#7 GEORGE LUCAS’ TUSKEGEE AIRMEN DREAM PROJECT FINALLY TAKES FLIGHTRed Tails, George Lucas’ long-in-development movie about the Tuskegee Airmen, the successful group of African American World War II pilots, is finally getting close to production, including much of the cast being filled out. The Tuskegee Airmen took on the dangerous task of escorting broad daylight bombing missions in 1944 when the RAF refused to do so. Terrence Howard leads the cast as the group’s leader, Colonel A.J. Ballard, joined by Cuba Gooding, Jr., Emmy winner Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad), Nate Parker (The Secret Life of Bees), Method Man and many others (follow the link for the full list). An interesting footnote to Cuba Gooding, Jr’s casting is that he also costarred in the 1995 HBO movie, The Tuskegee Airmen. At one time, Lucas had talked about directing Red Tails, but he is instead just executive producing, with the helming job instead marking the feature film debut of Anthony Hemingway, who has directed episodes of several TV shows, including The Wire, Heroes and Battlestar Galactica. Red Tails was written by John Ridley (cowriter of Undercover Brother), based upon George Lucas’ story idea. Filming is expected to start later this month in Europe, which means it’s filming at exactly the same time as Iron Man II, that movie in which Terrence Howard was infamously replaced by Don Cheadle.#8 BURT DICKENSON: THE MOST POWERFUL MAGICIAN ON EARTHAlthough he hasn’t yet had a true box office or critical hit yet, director Jake Kasdan is building up a nice little filmography of overlooked gems that people will no doubt go back and discover when he eventually does have that one movie that pushes him over the edge. His four films thus far are Zero Effect, Orange County, The TV Set and Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, all of which I thought were quite nicely done comedies, in the aforementioned understated way. Perhaps that hit will be Burt Dickenson: The Most Powerful Magician on Earth, which is about a rivalry between two magicians, in a Zoolander sort of way, between an older magician (think Penn Jillette or David Copperfield), who has recently accidentally killed his longtime partner, and a hot young gun (think Criss Angel) named Xander Storm.#9 JENNIFER GARNER KNOWS WHAT TO DO WITH BUTTERThis week is just full of little movies with awesome concepts like Butter, which was #3 on the 2008 “Black List” of hot unproduced scripts. Jennifer Garner will be starring in Butter, a “political satire” set in the world of competitive butter sculpting. When I mentioned this project to RT Editor in Chief Matt Atchity, he confessed that he didn’t know such a thing even existed, so I guess there is a whole wide world out there for whom Butter will be a revelation about the undoubtedly exciting sport. Butter is about a young orphan who discovers she has a knack for sculpting butter, and in competing, she goes up against the wife (Garner) of the retiring reigning champion. The directors that are being considered for Butter include Gary Ross (Seabiscuit, Pleasantville) and Craig Gillespie (Lars and the Real Girl, Mr. Woodcock).#10 A MONKEY MOVIE ABOUT ACTUAL MONKEYS THAT HAVE TAILSOne of my biggest grammatical gripes is the way people talk about “monkey movies,” but what they actually mean are titles like King Kong, Space Chimps and Any Which Way But Loose. You see, monkeys have tails. Gorillas, chimps and orangutans are apes; completely different types of animals, and calling apes monkeys makes a person seem about as bright as, well, a monkey. So, it is with some joy that I see that the new project called War Monkeys is indeed about rhesus monkeys, complete with tails and everything, who have special military training. War Monkeys is about two janitors who find themselves locked in over the holidays in an underground research facility full of the violent monkeys. War Monkeys was actually announced a few months ago, with Sammo Hung expected to star. Hung isn’t mentioned in the latest news (which says casting starts next week), which is that the new director for the horror comedy project is Kyle Newman (Fanboys). Anyway, War Monkeys sounds like an awesome concept, and one I’m very much anticipating, so I wanted to make sure it got in the Weekly Ketchup at least once.ROTTEN IDEA OF THE WEEK: BORN TO BE A CRAPPY MOVIEBorn to Be a Star is a movie that Adam Sandler cowrote and is producing, but not through his Happy Madison, in what is being called a “negative pickup” for Sony. Born to Be a Star is a story about a young man (Nick Swardson from Benchwarmers; he also plays an extremely gay man on Reno 911) who discovers that his parents were porn stars back in the 1970s, and so he leaves Iowa for Hollywood to pursue the career as well. Christina Ricci has also been cast as his “innocent” girlfriend. I think Christina Ricci honestly has more potential than than what this movie sounds like. I’ll also give CHUD props for noticing that Sandler could have accomplished a bit of stunt casting by going with Thora Birch, whose parents really were former porn stars in the 1970s, having both appeared in Deep Throat. Born to Be a Star is being directed by the Tom Brady who isn’t the Patriots QB; this Tom Brady’s two produced movies thus far are The Hot Chick and The Comebacks, and that, more than anything is what makes Born to Be a Star as the Rotten Idea of the Week.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS through his MySpace page or via a RT forum message. Greg also blogs about the TV show Lost at TwoLosties.Blogspot.com.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"TCM, elevated, X-Men","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Dragonball-Hangover-sequels-announced"},{"id":"47509235698496","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Superman gets rebooted, Poltergeist gets remade","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Superman gets rebooted, Poltergeist gets remadePlus casting news for Tom Cruise and Nicolas cage.by Greg Dean Schmitz | August 22, 2008 |  CommentsHey gang, this week I give you the high-flying low-down on ten of the biggest stories in movie development, including all those remakes of cherished horror favorites, star-driven action movies, comic book adaptations and other projects that might not ever actually get made.#1. SUPERMAN TO GET DARK KNIGHT-STYLE TREATMENTWhen it was announced that Bryan Singer (X-Men) was going to bring back Superman, all us fanboys cheered. And then it turned out that instead of a fresh start like what Christopher Nolan did with Batman Begins, Singer’s movie was basically a nostalgic attempt to continue the movie series as it was back in the 1980s. I’m sure there are fans of Superman Returns out there, but I think that was a failed strategy, and a failure of a movie. In the years since, a second Singer project, Superman: Man of Steel, has been making its way through development, but now comes word from Warner Bros that they apparently plan on giving Kal-El a new start, which (shudder), given the success of The Dark Knight, they now think needs to be “dark to the extent that the characters allow it”, which is basically, taking the character into the opposite extreme that most likely won’t work, either. Superman is the Big Blue Boy Scout. He’s not “dark”, and Superman Returns didn’t fail because it wasn’t dark enough. Do these people even read Superman comics before they throw $200 million at a movie version? He’s been having adventures for nearly 70 years… there’s hundreds of possibilities, right there in the comics.#2. POLTERGEIST REMAKE: LET’S HOPE THAT CURSE ISN’T PART OF THE DEAL1982’s Poltergeist can sort of be seen as a groundbreaking prototype for the type of “psychological” horror that has become successful in the last ten years. There was no scary slasher-type villain or monster; Poltergeist was a haunted house story set not in an old house, but in a brand new one, demolishing cliches about the genre in general. The little girl talking to the staticky TV predated The Ring, and the crew of parapsychologists moving into the house predated… just about every ghost movie made after it. And now, like nearly every other successful horror movie made between 1975 and 1990, it’s now getting the remake treatment. MGM has hired the writing team of Stiles White and Juliet Snowden, who are also working on the remake of Hitchcock’s The Birds, to work on the project. Writer/producer Steven Spielberg and director Tobe Hooper don’t appear to be involved. My hunch on this one is that it is totally unnecessary, as the original Poltergeist still stands as a downright creepy movie, but I guess that same argument could have been used to prevent those crappy sequels.#3. A BILL HICKS BIOPIC: I WONDER IF DENIS LEARY IS AVAILABLE?Although he never obtained mainstream fame during his lifetime, comedian Bill Hicks (1961-1994) is widely acknowledged as one of the most influential comics of the post-HBO era, known for instilling intellect and philosophy into his routines in a style not seen so expertly done since Lenny Bruce (in my opinion). Short lives are the bread and butter of biopics, I guess, and so it is perhaps not that surprising that someone came up with the idea of developing a Bill Hicks project, but what is surprising, in a sort of awesome way, is that person is Russell Crowe (who I just realized today actually bears quite a resemblance to Hicks). The cunning aspect of Crowe as Hicks is that, as a comedian, Bill Hicks wasn’t a traditional “comedian”; he was more of an angry rant-meister, who in the process, made you laugh. So, while you may not think of Russell Crowe as being a “funny guy”, he is certainly passionate, and so, might be perfect to play Hicks.#4. VERONICA MARS: SHE WANTS TO BELIEVEBasically a modern take on Nancy Drew (in my opinion; flame me if you disagree, but I’m sticking to that analogy), Veronica Mars was a fan favorite, but an apparent victim of that whole UPN/CW shakeup thing, and was cancelled after three years. Without a doubt, a main factor to the show’s success was its star, Kristen Bell, who brought a lot of personality to the role, and was, oh yeah, extremely hot/cute. Post-Veronica Mars, there were rumors she might join Lost, and then she actually did join the cast of Heroes, and she also narrates Gossip Girl. The role that made her a star however still beckons, and the show’s creator revealed this week that plans are still being considered about reviving Veronica Mars… as a movie. What such a movie would be about isn’t known, but if the TV series had continued into a fourth season, it would have bumped ahead several years, with Veronica now being a young F.B.I. agent. Perhaps a clue.#5. THIS WEEK IN REMAKE CASTINGRemakes of Child’s Play and Highlander were both announced in the last several months, and this week, both projects received some more news coverage in the form of casting news and/or rumors for their respective lead characters. First off, Brad Dourif (One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest, Deadwood) has been confirmed as returning as the voice of Chucky the doll in Child’s Play, which I guess, is actually sort of cool news in that this “remake” is close enough to its roots that they are not going so far off course as to keep Chucky basically… Chucky. In slightly less confirmed news, JoBlo.com is reporting that Kevin McKidd (star of TV’s Rome and Journeyman) has been talking to the producers of the Highlander remake as taking the starring role as Connor MacLeod. If McKidd takes the role, I think this could actually be fairly inspired, as he’s got a great, badass personality, and would be completely credible as a thousand-year-old Celt. Marvel fans might remember that about a year ago, it was Kevin McKidd who was rumored to be in contention to play Thor in the Marvel movie about the Norse god (although they are probably now going to go with a much bigger name). Thor, Highlander, I can definitely see a connection there. People want to see this guy playing pissed off barbarian types!#6. SLEEPER: AT LEAST IT’S NOT A REMAKE OF THE WOODY ALLEN MOVIE?Another week, another movie for Tom Cruise to attach himself to. Already this year, we’ve seen him in talks for, and then out of, a couple of projects, like The 28th Amendment (where he wanted to play the president) and Edwin A. Salt (where he was eventually replaced by… Angelina Jolie). Now, Sleeper awakens, an adaptation of a Wildstorm comic series from a few years back about an undercover agent deeply embedded in a criminal organization whose contact dies, leaving him completely stuck. I didn’t read the comic, but Devin at CHUD apparently loved it. I’ll take his word. Anyway, Cruise is aligning himself with Sam Raimi (it’s unclear if he would direct, or just produce) and Warner Bros, who hopes this might start a Sleeper franchise of Tom Cruise-starring movies. Let’s see how long this project stays in development, hmm?#7. THE COEN BROS’ NEXT CAST: A LOT LESS A-LISTERSThe Coen brothers certainly like to mix things up. After their creepy thriller (No Country for Old Men), they made a wacky comedy (Burn After Reading), and now, after a movie filled to the brim with A-list stars, they are making A Serious Man, a character-driven piece about a Midwestern Jewish community set in the 1960s, with their two lead roles going to a stage actor named Michael Stuhlbarg (nope, never heard of him either) and… Richard Kind, who was one of the best things going on Spin City (and he was also HILARIOUS as Larry’s cousin in Curb Your Enthusiasm). Richard Kind is one of those comic character actors who has been doing his thing for many years, but he really hasn’t had that chance to “shine” yet in a high-profile project. Being the lead in a Coen bros movie, though? That might just do it.#8. NICOLAS CAGE TO PLAY THE DAD OF A SUPPORTING CHARACTER IN KICK-ASSOh, poor Nic Cage. You used to be the star of movies. Like in next month’s Bangkok Dangerous. Well, in Kick-Ass, the adaptation of Mark Millar’s violently graphic comic book series about a teenager who tries to become an actual crime-fighting superhero, Cage has signed on to play not the main character, but the ex-cop father of a supporting character (basically, a girl hero who actually has training and stuff). But he’ll probably still be on all the posters and dominate something like 60% of the trailer’s running time. Yay, stars. The actual *star* of the movie, as in the main character who actually drives the story, will be played by 18-year-old British actor Aaron Johnson, who played young Charlie Chaplin in Shanghai Knights. He’s done a lot of other stuff, but that’s all I recognize, really. Lyndsy Fonseca, who plays the doe-eyed Dylan Mayfair on Desperate Housewives, has also joined the cast as Johnson’s would be love interest. If she didn’t think he was… gay.#9. THE UNPLEASANTLY AWKWARD TITLE OF ANOTHER PROJECT FOR ALEX PROYASIt was just a few weeks ago that we found out that visionary director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) had been hired to develop Dracula: Year Zero, an origin project about Vlad the Impaler. Now, Phoenix Pictures has hired the I, Robot director for another adaptation of a novel by one of the greatest famous sci-fi authors: Robert A. Heinlein (Starship Troopers). Surprisingly, it’s not one of Heinlein’s many very famous books, like say Stranger in a Strange Land, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress or (my favorite), Job: A Comedy of Justice. Nope, it’s one that I’ve never even heard of, and I thought I knew Heinlein’s bibliography pretty well: The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoeg. And doing some research, I discover the reason perhaps is that it isn’t a novel at all, but a novella in an anthology from 1966 that used that story as the title. Anyway, the story, which I’m nearly certain will need to be retitled somehow for a feature film release, is about a man who discovers that he has no memory of what he does for a living. So, in other words, it sounds a lot like… Dark City.#10. GREEN SCREEN CGI: THE SOLUTION FOR CHEAP, WOULD-BE BLOCKBUSTER PRODUCERSNew Regency and 20th Century Fox have put the movie version of Voltron into turnaround (which means, basically, they are dumping it), due to negotiation problems with the owners of the rights to the original toys and 1980s cartoon TV show. This is being spun into being a good thing, however, in that the project is being picked up by another company, who has plans to rewrite it for a smaller budget, and using 300-style CGI and live-action sets. The current logline describes the story as being about five survivors of an alien invasion, in post-apocalyptic New York City and Mexico City, banding together using robots that look like lions, to fight off the big bad aliens. So far, we’ve seen some pretty good stuff using this technique, but like anything that has at its root the intent to save a lot of money, eventually, we’re going to start seeing really awful movies being made this way too. So, Voltron fans are seeing what might have at one time been a Transformers-style action movie being made not so much on “real” sets, but instead on… “set” sets. This could go both ways. Did Transformers benefit from the robots being “real”, or might it have been even cooler if the movie embraced its CGI-ness even more? That latter path is where Voltron is going now.You can contact Greg Dean Schmitz via a message at the RT Forums, the thread there devoted to him, or his MySpace page.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Brie, the, Disney, The, Network, Sundance, Disney, docudrama, Poppins, TBS, new","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Superman-gets-rebooted-Poltergeist-gets-remade"},{"id":"47508679627552","title":"5 Things To Know Before You Watch Jupiter’s Legacy","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})5 Things To Know Before You Watch Jupiter's LegacyComics co-creator Mark Millar and series stars Josh Duhamel, Leslie Bibb, and more preview the weekend's hottest binge.by Erik Amaya | May 6, 2021 |  CommentsNetflix’s new series, Jupiter’s Legacy, is a breed apart from many superhero series. The program focuses on the Union of Justice, a group of superheroes who began working together in the 1930s, but lived well into the 21st century and now face the prospect of handing their work off to their children; a second generation of various talents, constitutions, and interests.Although some of its iconography will seem familiar, the story sets out to be a family drama of powers, resentments, high expectations, and at least one masterplan worthy of a Lex Luthor or Hydra. And viewers coming fresh to the series will find a number of unexpected things.Rotten Tomatoes spoke to some of the cast and Jupiter’s Legacy co-creator Mark Millar to determine the five things you need to know before venturing into the show.1. It Is&nbsp;a Generational Saga(Photo by Netflix)The notion of generational superheroes – that is, parent and child (or a close relation) sharing abilities and a costumed identity – is not exactly a new idea in comic books. Titles like Starman and The Flash dived deep into the idea in the 1990s. Also, the more recent Flash TV series broached the topic a few years ago while still fighting a villain of the year, and&nbsp;Superman &amp; Lois&nbsp;sees Clark learning how to be there for his teenage sons.But in the case of Jupiter’s Legacy, facing the reality that a younger generation needs to step up is very much the theme of the show.“[It’s] a metaphor for how you can pass on traditions, how you can pass on family values, how you can pass on love and connection,” as star Josh Duhmel, who plays the premiere hero Utopian, put it.&nbsp;“I think that there’s a lot to be said for how you raise your kids and how important it is to connect with them or there’s a good chance you lose them.”Indeed, the possibility of losing his children quickly becomes one of Utopian’s concerns.(Photo by Marni Grossman/Netflix)As the program begins, his son Brandon Sampson (Andrew Horton) – aka Paragon – makes a choice Utopian disapproves of, setting into motion a lot of soul searching among the Union and their children about what they really want for the future.“I think Brandon puts an enormous amount of pressure upon himself, which definitely doesn’t help things,” Horton said when asked about Utopian’s expectations for his son. “Brandon and [his sister] Chloe are told by their father that these gifts are to help other people less fortunate. That’s an onus on them to use their powers for good and to maybe follow in their parents’ footsteps. But it’s never explicitly said within the show that this is what you must do: ‘You must be the same as us.'”Nevertheless, Brandon takes onboard the idea that he should be just like his father and “trips himself up because he’s a more flawed human being.”In Horton’s mind, he’s “kind of always going to be set up for failure when you’ve got the Utopian as someone to follow.”And to some extent, that fear of failure leads to the choices his sister Chloe (Elena Kampouris) and their cousins make both before the story begins and after Brandon’s tactical error.2. It Uses the Concept of the Justice League as Familiar Grounding(Photo by Netflix)Although the original members of the Union have similar abilities, aspects of their look and more specialized powers will remind viewers of DC Comics’ Justice League of America. According to Millar, using that group’s dynamic over, say, the Avengers, is a completely intentional choice.“That’s a perfect entry point for the mainstream audience,” he explained. “Those kinds of characters we grew up with also stretch all the way back 5,000 years to the Greek myths and then, really, the Egyptian myths, [and] in some ways go back to Sumer as well, 11,000 years ago — Babylonian myths.”The archetypal stature means a character like Utopian is immediately recognizable even if he has longish white hair and a beard when he first arrives on the scene.“The world is very, very plugged in to the idea of [this] bunch of people: You know, there’s a Superman-like guy, there’s a Wonder Woman–like woman, in the same way we had Zeus and Jupiter and we had Aphrodite and everything,” Millar said. “These archetypes have been around for a long time, in a way that other superheroes don’t really have. There’s a pantheon of gods that the Justice League really feels like [and] that people get.”Of course, testing those archetypes via their children becomes one of the key sources of tension within Jupiter’s Legacy.3. It Challenges&nbsp;a Very Specific Code of Superhero Conduct(Photo by Netflix)Taking their cues from pop culture antecedents like the Justice League, the first generation Union members adhere to a strict code Sheldon Sampson (Utopian’s civilian name) put down during their founding nearly a century before the story begins: their powers must always be used to help others, they must never govern over the nation, and they do not kill. The code is rooted in Millar’s appreciate of the American culture he grew up experiencing via imported television, film, and music, but it also sets down three easy-to-understand concepts that, nonetheless, lead to a lot of heartache when one must live by them.Duhamel, as himself, admitted he has some issues with the code, but absolutely agrees with his character that super-powered people should not use their powers to force a role in government.“If you give somebody [that] much power, that’s just dangerous. They should just be there to serve,” he said.Nevertheless, the prohibition against killing left Duhamel with more angst because he can see situations where lethal force is understandable. One hypothetical he offered will strike a chord with parents: “If somebody is going to take my son out, I’m going to take them out first, no matter what.”Conversations with the writers and producers put him more at ease with Sheldon’s absolutely belief that there is always a better way and, as viewers will see, Sheldon always adheres to the code.(Photo by Marni Grossman/Netflix)Mike Wade, who plays original Union member Fitz Small (aka The Flare), thinks his character’s appreciation of the code changes across the 60 or so years he operates as a superhero.“Fitz, I would say, sees Sheldon as an older brother; somebody that Fitz looks up to. A lot of people look up to Sheldon,” he explained. “So initially, Fitz felt that [same way about the code as Sheldon], but through battle and through sacrifice, [he] might’ve changed and might not feel so strongly about the code like a lot of other people do.”Tenika Davis&nbsp;plays Fitz’s daughter Petra – the new Flare – and represents the younger generation on the issue.“Things like the code have to be amended and changed as things develop and grow,” Davis&nbsp;said. “I think the code is one of those things that is a bit outdated. So we respect it for the foundation it provided, but at the same time we’re like, ‘Yeah, it probably needs a few updates.'”(Photo by Steve Wilkie/Netflix)And, as viewers will see, there is no easy answer on how to respect the code or augment it to meet the challenges both generations of the Union face in the series.“I think it’s such a complex issue,” Leslie Bibb added. Bibb plays Grace Sampson, a hero in her own right — the beloved Lady Liberty — and Utopian’s wife. While both the actress and her character see the code as a way of preventing the supers from becoming judge, jury, and executioner, they also understand why some of the younger generation will chafe against it as they face more powerful and ruthless adversaries.“I don’t think it’s black and white. I think that that’s sort of what Grace’s dilemma is [as the story unfolds],” she said.&nbsp;“I think that is a cool thing about the show. It doesn’t really give you an answer. It poses these questions and hopefully, you walk away and you start thinking, and maybe it starts a conversation about something bigger.”4. It Is Not Ashamed of Superhero Costumes(Photo by Steve Wilkie/Netflix)Another cool thing about the show: it literally wears the pulpy inspiration of the 1930s and ’40s superheroes on its sleeves. Sure, the younger generation may go for the black leather look of modern heroes, but the original Union members proudly wear garish colors into the 21st century.“When I think about my favorite costume ever, costume design ever, in a movie, I would say it’s [from the] 1978 Superman,” Millar said. The suit, designed by Yvonne Blake, highlighted the design worn by the Man of Steel in the comics during the 30 years prior to the film. “She didn’t really rethink it. She just thought, ‘What does Superman look like?’ and just made that work in real life.“We did the same with this, we made it look like the heroes of that period. So the Golden Age heroes would have looked weird if they’d had armor or oddly textured, metallic costumes,” he said. “They just look like superheroes in the very traditional sense, which I love.”Nevertheless, the costumes may look strange to viewers as the program begins, but remember: the first generation Union members still represent a 1930s ideal of superheroes.5. It Will Surprise Readers of the Comic Book(Photo by Netflix)While the series is quite faithful to the comics – and its companion piece, Jupiter’s Circle – it will contain a few surprising changes as it unfolds across its eight episodes. But even before those developments transpire, readers may find they like Sheldon’s brother Walter (Ben Daniels) a lot more than they did in the comics.Although Daniels denied any conscious attempt to bring viewers to the character’s side, he definitely wanted to convey “what it was like to have Clint Eastwood as your brother, who sails through life when you find it incredibly difficult.”In both the comic book and the show, Walter tends to be the first to naysay Sheldon – even after they get their powers – but as Daniels saw it, “He feels very downtrodden. He’s a highly volatile person and highly sensitive person, and he has trouble regulating those emotions.”And though much of his anxiety melts away after his powers give him an almost universal telepathic range, the scars of his younger days remain.“I don’t think it’s about making him sympathetic. I think it’s about making his actions 100 years later more understandable,” he added.For readers of the comic, the added texture characters like Walter receive may be its most rewarding element. As Millar put it, “To read a comic out loud would take about four minutes, you know? So it has to be elaborated upon.”Much of that elaboration takes the form of deeper characters, but it also uses ideas from Jupiter’s Circle and the original comic’s flashbacks to weave an ongoing Godfather Part II–like narrative. In each episode, viewers will see the original Union team slowly assembling and how it relates to the current conflicts of their children.“It’s a really sophisticated narrative structure, and I’ve never seen it applied to superheroes before. So that was really cool to see it,” Millar added. He hopes it will prove to be satisfying for viewers as they begin to watch Jupiter’s Legacy across the weekend.All 8 episodes of Jupiter’s Legacy debut on Netflix this Friday.&nbsp;View this post on Instagram&nbsp;A post shared by Rotten Tomatoes (@rottentomatoes)On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"movie, 71st, Unbreakable, talk, Horse, The, dramedy, Amazon, 4/20, Podcast, universal","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/06191450/JupitersLegacy_grace-sheldon-walter-600x314.jpg","slug":"5-things-to-know-before-you-watch-jupiters-legacy"},{"id":"47508733916413","title":"Birds of Prey, The Gentlemen, and Bloodshot Hit Digital Release This Week","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Birds of Prey, The Gentlemen, and Bloodshot Hit Digital Release This WeekAs more people self-quarantine at home, we run down the most notable films hitting VOD and early digital release.by Ryan Fujitani | March 26, 2020 |  CommentsAs more and more people are compelled to practice social distancing and encouraged to stay home, as movie theaters temporarily shutter their doors, and as studios continue to pull their scheduled 2020 films off the release calendar, we’ve decided to reformat this&nbsp;weekly Critics Consensus column to focus on titles that are newly available on the home entertainment market. With that in mind,&nbsp;our list of digital new releases this week includes Margot Robbie’s “solo” DC Movie, Guy Ritchie’s latest crime caper, a recent Vin Diesel actioner, and a couple of early digital releases, among others. See below for the most notable titles hitting VOD this week.Birds of Prey (And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) (2020)  79%Margot Robbie made her debut as Harley Quinn in 2016’s&nbsp;Suicide Squad, which most people agreed was an ill-conceived and poorly executed mess that only served to illustrate why Robbie should get her own movie.&nbsp;That movie,&nbsp;Birds of Prey (And the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn),&nbsp;opened back in early February, and in truth, it was more of a team-up than a strict solo joint, with Robbie’s Harley forming her Birds of Prey alongside a gang of fearsome women to take on a sadistic crime boss. Nevertheless, it was a hit with both critics and audiences, and with all the theater closures and self-quarantining, Warner Bros. has released the film to the digital market a little early. Critics say it’s colorful, briskly paced, full of stellar action, and a great showcase for Robbie’s endless charisma, and it’s available for digital purchase now.Available now&nbsp;on: FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, iTunes, VuduThe Gentlemen (2020)  75%Before he took on big budget blockbusters like Sherlock Holmes and Disney’s live-action Aladdin remake, Guy Ritchie was best known for his intricately plotted, uniquely stylized British crime capers, like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch. Fans were therefore understandably excited for Ritchie’s latest film,&nbsp;The Gentlemen, which looked to be a return to form for him, and most were fairly satisfied with what they got. Matthew McConaughey takes center stage as an American marijuana kingpin in London who decides he wants to go straight, which attracts the attention from a number of interested parties who either want to buy him out of his empire, expose his secrets, or dispose of him and take over. Shenanigans, of course, ensue. Critics say the film isn’t quite up to the standard of his earlier work, and there are a few problematic elements here and there, but it’s still a largely entertaining romp with some great performances, specifically from co-stars Hugh Grant and Colin Farrell.Available now&nbsp;on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW, Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;iTunes,&nbsp;VuduBloodshot (2020)  30%The last time we got a major wide release in movie theaters was two weeks ago, when we had three, and one of them was this superhero movie starring Vin Diesel. Based on the Valiant Comics title of the same name,&nbsp;Bloodshot follows a soldier who is&nbsp;brutally murdered while on vacation but resurrected&nbsp;through an experimental nanotechnology that also grants him superhuman abilities. As he embarks on a path of revenge, he comes to learn that all may not be as it seems. If any of the plot feels familiar, that’s probably because it’s the kind of baseline revenge thriller narrative we’ve seen play out in countless other films, and critics didn’t feel that&nbsp;Bloodshot had quite enough to set it apart from the others. It may provide a few thrills here and there for viewers who aren’t asking for much, but let’s just say this one was probably destined to hit the digital market sooner rather than later even if current circumstances hadn’t been what they are.Available now on: FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, iTunes, VuduDolittle (2020)  14%Despite the star power of Robert Downey Jr. in the lead role and a voice cast that includes Tom Holland, John Cena, Octavia Spencer, Emma Thompson, and Selena Gomez, among others, and despite the advancements in modern CGI technology,&nbsp;Dolittle still managed to earn one of the lowest Tomatometer scores of the year so far. Conventional wisdom seems to be that if you’re a young toddler, you won’t mind the juvenile, slapsticky humor so much, and all the funny talking animals should keep you distracted enough not to care about the muddled storytelling; if you’re any older than that, though, good luck. Either way, if you’re in need of something new to keep the little ones occupied while you try to get some work done at home, this one is available for digital purchase now.Available now on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;iTunes,&nbsp;VuduThe Way Back (2020)  83%In most cases, an inspirational sports movie opening in early March isn’t likely to be a winner, so to speak, even if it does boast a big name like Ben Affleck on the marquee. That’s why it was kind of a nice surprise when Gavin O’Connor’s new drama&nbsp;The Way Back&nbsp;turned out to be more than just another Inspirational Sports Movie. Affleck plays an alcoholic former high school basketball star who now works in construction, but is forced to face his past and present demons when he’s asked to fill the coaching slot at his alma mater. Whether or not it was due to his own personal (and rather public) troubles with addiction — he began filming&nbsp;The Way Back just a few days after coming out of rehab —&nbsp;Affleck turns in a deeply affecting performance here, and O’Connor wisely sidesteps some of the genre’s most glaring cliches. This one is another early access release.Available now on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, iTunes,&nbsp;VuduThe Call of the Wild (2020)  62%It’s well known that working with animals is difficult, and it’s probably more of a hassle if one is the star of your film. The good people behind the latest adaptation of the Jack London novel&nbsp;The Call of the Wild decided to forego all that unpleasantness and make Buck a CGI character instead. Critics say it kind of works, mostly because the storytelling is earnest and because Harrison Ford does surprisingly great, understated work in a role he quite frankly could have sleepwalked through. It does play in some heavy themes, but it’s a decent family-friendly adventure, which isn’t as easy to come by as it might seem.Available Friday, 3/27 on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;iTunes,&nbsp;VuduI Still Believe (2020)  51%This small, faith-based drama was also released the same weekend when&nbsp;Bloodshot came out (the third wide release that week was&nbsp;The Hunt, which arrived on digital last week), and&nbsp;it largely plays out like a Christian Nicholas Sparks movie, even though it’s based on a true story. K.J. Apa stars as real-life Christian music megastar Jeremy Camp, who moves to California, meets and falls in love with his first wife (Britt Robertson), and finds his — and her — faith tested when she’s diagnosed with terminal cancer. Critics say&nbsp;I Still Believe bears a lot of the trademarks of the romantic drama genre, and everything about the story is so sanitized that it almost doesn’t feel like it takes place in real life. That said, it also has its share of genuinely moving moments, and at the very least, it doesn’t spend its time trying to fight any specific religious battles. This one is available early as well.Available&nbsp;Friday, 3/27&nbsp;on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;VuduDownhill (2020)  37%This drama is one of two early surprises this week, along with&nbsp;The Call of the Wild, that are expected to become available on Friday. It’s a remake of the 2014 Swedish film&nbsp;Force Majeure, brought to you by writer-directors Nat Faxon and Jim Rash&nbsp;(who together won a Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for&nbsp;The Descendants back in 2011), and it stars comedy powerhouses Will Ferrell and Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The story centers on a married couple (Ferrell and Louis-Dreyfus) whose relationship suffers when the husband abandons the family during an avalanche scare, and critics say the new version doesn’t quite have the same bite as the original, in part because Ferrell’s husband character is a bit too much of a dolt to dislike, undermining the satire at its core.&nbsp;It’s probably worth seeking out the Swedish film instead, but if you just want to see Ferrell and Louis-Dreyfus spar on screen, it should be available on Friday.Available Friday, 3/27 on:&nbsp;FandangoNOW, Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;iTunes,&nbsp;VuduThumbnail images by Warner Bros., STXFilms,&nbsp;and &nbsp;Graham Bartholomew/Columbia Pictures","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"and, competition, RT, Spike, Showtime, Mary, leads","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/26131842/Birds_of_Prey-Gentlemen-Bloodshot-CC_Rep.jpg","slug":"birds-of-prey-the-gentlemen-and-bloodshot-hit-digital-release-this-week"},{"id":"47508877331010","title":"Kubo and the Two Strings, Kevin Hart: What Now?, The BFG, and More on Netflix and Amazon Prime This Week","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Kubo and the Two Strings, Kevin Hart: What Now?, The BFG, and More on Netflix and Amazon Prime This Weekby RT Staff | April 11, 2017 |  CommentsThis week on streaming video, we’ve got a couple of excellent children’s movies, a comedy concert film, some excellent TV, a handful of noteworthy documentaries, and even a couple of horror films. Read on for the full list.New on Netflix&nbsp;Documentary Now!: Season 2 (2016)  93%Fred Armisen and Bill Hader star in IFC’s hilarious series that spoofs various documentary styles ranging from guerilla projects like&nbsp;Vice to esteemed films like&nbsp;Jiro Dreams of Sushi.Available now on: NetflixKubo and the Two Strings (2016)  97%Another stop motion animated triumph from Laika, this fantastical tale follows a young boy in Japan who accidentally summons a vengeful spirit from his past and sets out to save his family.Available now on: NetflixStrike a Pose (2017)  95%This documentary&nbsp; documentary reunites and catches up with the surviving dancers from Madonna‘s 1990 Blond Ambition tour.Available now on: NetflixWin It All (2017)  85%Jake Johnson and Keegan-Michael Key star in Joe Swanberg’s drama about a gambler who finds himself deep in debt when he loses all the cash in a duffel bag entrusted to him for safekeeping.Available&nbsp;now on: NetflixThe Get Down: Season 2 (2017)  86%This Netflix original series produced by Baz Luhrmann and Nas centers on a group of ambitious, talented teens living in the Bronx amid the birth of hip hop in the 1970s.Available now on: NetflixKevin Hart: What Now? (2016)  76%Kevin Hart takes the stage for this comedy concert film, which chronicles the comedian’s set in front of an audience of 50,000 at Philadelphia’s Lincoln Financial Field.Available now on: NetflixThe BFG (2016)  74%Ruby Barnhill and Mark Rylance star in this Disney adaptation of the Roald Dahl novel about a young girl who becomes friends with a giant and helps him stop a group of other giants who eat humans.Available now on: NetflixThe Eyes of My Mother (2016)  78%This indie horror film centers on&nbsp;the immensely disturbing life led by a young woman after a shattering act of violence.Available now on: NetflixNew on Amazon Prime&nbsp;In a World... (2013)  92%Lake Bell stars in this romantic comedy about&nbsp;a movie trailer voiceover artist whose success puts her at odds with her father, the king of the industry.Available now on: Amazon PrimeBarbershop: The Next Cut (2016)  90%Ice Cube stars in the third installment of the&nbsp;Barbershop franchise, which follows the barbershop gang as they attempt to save their neighborhood from being overrun by local gangs.Available now on: Amazon PrimeThe Last Exorcism (2010)  72%Ashley Bell stars in this found-footage horror film about a disillusioned reverend who recruits a film crew to document his final exorcism, only to be faced with true evil.Available now on: Amazon PrimeNew on FandangoNOW&nbsp;Alive and Kicking (2017)  100%This documentary examines the culture of contemporary swing dancing.Available now on: FandangoNOWLa La Land (2016)  91%Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone star in Damien Chazelle’s romantic musical about a jazz pianist and a struggling actress who fall in love while pursuing their dreams in Los Angeles.Available now on: FandangoNOWToni Erdmann (2016)  93%This offbeat comedy from Germany centers on the emotional tug-of-war that ensues when a prank-happy father inserts himself into the personal and professional life of his straight-laced businesswoman daughter.Available now on: FandangoNOWSHOT!: The Psycho-Spiritual Mantra of Rock (2017)  94%This documentary takes a&nbsp;look at the life and career of photographer Mick Rock, who shot legends like David Bowie, Iggy Pop, and Queen.Available now on: FandangoNOWSaturday Night Fever (1977)  82%– Director’s CutIt’s got a killer soundtrack, a star-making performance from John Travolta…. and a narrative that’s far grittier and sadder than decades of parodies would suggest.Available now on: FandangoNOWThe Founder (2017)  81%Michael Keaton headlines an ensemble cast in this drama about the true story of how Ray Kroc turned McDonald’s into a household name.Available now on: FandangoNOWOpen Range (2003)  79%Robert Duvall and Kevin Costner star in Costner’s Western about a pair of cattle herders who run afoul of a corrupt sheriff in a nearby town.Available now on: FandangoNOWThe Void (2017)  77%This horror film centers on&nbsp;the supernatural chaos that erupts after a policeman discovers a dying man and rushes him to treatment at a nearby hospital.Available now on: FandangoNOW","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"Women's, Sci-Fi, parents","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/11154632/Kubo-Two-Strings-Streaming.jpg","slug":"kubo-and-the-two-strings-kevin-hart-what-now-the-bfg-and-more-on-netflix-and-amazon-prime-this-week"},{"id":"47613354958351","title":"Wolverine Has a Director!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Wolverine Has a Director!And once again ... it's someone you wouldn't have expected.by Scott Weinberg | July 20, 2007 |  CommentsFox has (finally) signed a director for their upcoming Wolverine spin-off, and the lucky helmer is … Gavin Hood, whom you might know from the South African film Tsotsi.Hey, the movie won Best Foreign Film at the ’06 Oscars, so the guy clearly has some skills. But what else was it that made the Fox brass take notice? Apparently it’s Mr. Hood’s Rendition, a New Line political drama that stars Jake Gyllenhaal, Reese Witherspoon, Peter Sarsgaard, and Meryl Streep. (That movie opens on October 19th.)For the Wolverine fans who are still skeptical, you can take solace in the fact that not only does leading man Hugh Jackman approve of the decision — you can bet he was involved in the entire process. Here’s what he told Variety: “I have long been a fan of Gavin’s work and know he will make a masterful film with the character intensity and action beats the fans expect.”Production on Wolverine (which was adapted from the comics by David Benioff) begins in November.Source: Variety","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Competition, History, winner, adventure, hidden, drama, YouTube, ViacomCBS, streaming, New, Writers, Rock, teaser, El","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"wolverine-has-a-director"},{"id":"47509197815250","title":"Disney Plans A Mary Poppins Sequel, Charlie’s Angels Is Looking To Reboot, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Disney Plans A Mary Poppins Sequel, Charlie's Angels Is Looking To Reboot, and More Movie NewsNew roles for Jennifer Lawrence, Channing Tatum, and Woody Harrelson, and some info on the Transformers franchise.by Greg Dean Schmitz | September 18, 2015 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup covers ten headlines from the arena of film development news from the last seven days. Included in the mix this time around are stories about such movies as 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Charlie’s Angels, an Evel Knievel biopic, War of the Planet of the Apes, and new roles for Ice Cube and Jennifer Lawrence.This Week’s Top StoryDISNEY TO GIVE MARY POPPINS A SEQUEL 50+ YEARS LATERAs we frequently cover in the Weekly Ketchup, Walt Disney Pictures is currently in the midst of reviving many of their classic animated films as live action reboots and remakes. Not all of Disney’s hits from the middle of the 20th Century were (100 percent) animated, however, such as 1964’s Mary Poppins, based on the first novel in the series by P.L. Travers (as depicted in Saving Mr. Banks). Possibly confusing matters, some this week reported that Disney was going to “remake” Mary Poppins, but what they’re actually doing is rather more conventional (and one might guess, in keeping with Travers’ intentions). Walt Disney Pictures has started development of a new Mary Poppins musical movie which would be a sequel set 20 years after the original movie in the 1930s. This new Mary Poppins musical will be directed by Rob Marshall, whose filmography includes Chicago, Nine, and last year’s Into the Woods. For the film, the songwriting duo of Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman (Hairspray, Smash) will start working on new songs that will attempt to follow up on the classics written for the first movie, like “Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious” and “A Spoonful of Sugar.” There’s no word yet about who Disney might be hoping to cast as the older Mary Poppins, or any of the members of the Banks family.Fresh Developments This Week1. DARREN ARONOFSKY MAY DIRECT CHANNING TATUM AS EVEL KNIEVELOne of the biopic projects that has been kicking (and jumping and rocket-cycling) around Hollywood since the 1990s has been the idea of an Evel Knievel movie. “Evel Knievel” might not be as well known a celebrity as he was in the 1970s, but during that time, Knievel was arguably one of the most famous figures in pop culture, following a series of well-publicized super stunts (some of which weren’t successful) on both motorcycles and a steam-powered rocket called the “Skycycle X-2.” In the past, stars such as Johnny Knoxville and Matthew McConaughey have been rumored or attached to star as Evel Knievel, but lately, it has been Channing Tatum who wanted to put on Knievel’s star-spangled jumpsuit. The project, which may be based on the Pure Evel biography book, is now being discussed with director Darren Aronofsky, whose filmography as director includes Black Swan, Noah, Requiem for a Dream, and possibly closest to an Evel Knievel movie, The Wrestler. In other Channing Tatum news, his superhero movie Gambit this week lost its director, Rupert Wyatt, over scheduling conflicts, as Fox is racing to get the movie made in time for an October, 2016 release.2.&nbsp;WILL DC COMICS MOVIES START BEING FUNNY WITH BLUE AND GOLD?One of the complaints movie fans sometimes have about recent DC Comics superhero movies is that they are less “fun,” or at least less “funny,” than their counterparts at Marvel Studios. This was a notion that some felt gained traction&nbsp;last year with a story that claimed that WB has a “no jokes” policy about their upcoming superhero scripts. Of course, that never necessarily meant that Warner Bros couldn’t change their plans, especially if they started to think that there would be a backlash over it, right? That might at least be one way to interpret the late-breaking news this week that Warner Bros is starting development of a movie focusing on the Blue &amp; Gold team of Booster Gold and Blue Beetle. Like many of DC’s characters who aren’t Batman, Booster Gold and Blue Beetle are usually portrayed in the comics as being less serious and/or comedic. Blue Beetle is your typical inventor-turned-superhero (who was given a dark interpretation as Nite-Owl II in Watchmen). Booster Gold is a more unique concept, as a time traveler from the distant future who uses technology and knowledge of past events to make a name for himself in our time.&nbsp; Reportedly, WB is also hoping to recruit screenwriter Zak Penn, who worked on The Avengers for Marvel, to come across town to work on Blue &amp; Gold.3. ELIZABETH BANKS TO DIRECT CHARLIE’S ANGELS REBOOTWith Sony’s plans for a female reboot of Ghostbusters now less than a year away from release (7/15/16), the studio is now looking at other female-centric action comedies. The latest that we’ve heard about involves rebooting a TV-show-adaptation from 2000 (and a sequel in 2003), which was the private eye comedy Charlie’s Angels. The director that Sony has recruited for their Charlie’s Angels reboot is Elizabeth Banks, who is in high demand following her successful directorial debut with this year’s Pitch Perfect 2. &nbsp;The reboot doesn’t yet have a screenwriter yet, so it’s probably a few years away from happening. It’s also unknown if Elizabeth Banks might also take one of the female leads (or who knows, maybe “Charlie” could be a lady this time?).4. JENNIFER LAWRENCE MAY STAR IN SPY MOVIE RED SPARROW(Photo by Frazer Harrison / Staff / Getty Images)In the arena of comic book adaptations, female spies and superheroes often have similar codenames, including Black Widow, Black Canary, and Mockingbird (from ABC’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.).&nbsp; That last one in particular is also similar to the last two movies in the Hunger Games franchise, which is close enough for us to call that a successful segue. 20th Century Fox is currently hoping to put together a package for a spy novel adaptation called Red Sparrow (again, with the color/bird codenames!). What Fox is trying to put together is a new film for both Jennifer Lawrence and director Francis Lawrence (the director of all of the Hunger Games movies except the first one). If Jennifer Lawrence signs on to star in Red Sparrow, she will be playing a young Russian spy and “trained seductress,” who is assigned to “operate against Nathaniel Nash, a first-tour CIA officer who handles the agency’s most sensitive penetration of Russian intelligence.”&nbsp;Red Sparrow is an adaptation of a novel by Jason Matthews.5.&nbsp;X-MEN DIRECTOR TO JOURNEY 20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE SEAA few years ago, director Bryan Singer returned to the X-Men film franchise for X-Men: Days of Future Past (and next year’s X-Men: Apocalypse) after starting things off in the early 2000s with the first two X-Men films. This week, we learned that Singer has chosen his next film, and that it won’t be a fifth X-Men movie. Instead, Bryan Singer is taking on an adaptation of Jules Verne’s 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, the classic science fiction story about a high-tech submarine called the Nautilus. Singer’s movie is expected to be produced by 20th Century Fox (also the home of the X-Men franchise). That also means that this project is not the same as the long-in-development reboot that Walt Disney Pictures has been trying to get started, which at one point had David Fincher (Fight Club, Gone Girl) attached to direct. As for the future of the main X-Men film franchise, there have not yet been any announcements outside of spinoffs like Deadpool, Gambit, The New Mutants, X-Force, and a possible X-Men/Fantastic Four crossover. With X-Men: Apocalypse, the team’s second trilogy of films will be concluded.6. WOODY HARRELSON CAST AS HUMAN VILLAIN IN WAR OF THE PLANET OF THE APESAlthough the (movie) summer of 2015 only ended a few weeks ago, much of Hollywood’s current focus is already on the summer of 2017, given the time needed to get expensive summer movies greenlit, cast, produced, marketed, and released. One such film will be 20th Century Fox’s third film in their rebooted Apes&nbsp;franchise, War of the Planet of the Apes (7/14/17). &nbsp;Details aren’t yet known about this third film, except that following the events of 2014’s Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, humanity’s future was looking quite dire, and the word “war” isn’t exactly a positive portent. For that reason, it shouldn’t be surprising that the humans will be the villains in War of the Planet of the Apes. This week, we learned that the main human villain (“The Colonel”) will be played by&nbsp;Woody Harrelson, who is looking for a new franchise with The Hunger Games wrapping up on November 20. &nbsp;ROTTEN IDEAs OF THE WEEK3. ICE CUBE TO STAR AS THE NEWEST SCROOGE IN&nbsp;HUMBUGFollowing the success of both Ride Along and Straight Outta Compton (which was essentially an “Ice Cube biopic”), Universal Pictures is very much interested in staying in the Ice Cube business. This was manifested this week by the news that Universal Pictures has won a studio bidding war to acquire a comedy spec script for Ice Cube to star in. The comedy is called Humbug, and much like the Bill Murray comedy Scrooged, it’s a contemporary retelling of Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol. If the deal comes together, Ice Cube will play “a wealthy real estate mogul shown a path to redemption by the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future.”&nbsp;Humbug will be directed by Tim Story, who previously worked with Ice Cube on Barbershop, First Sunday, Ride Along, and next year’s sequel, Ride Along 2. &nbsp;Story also directed the 2005 and 2007 Fantastic Four movies, which now despite having RT scores of 27 and 37 percent have the distinction of being the best reviewed Fantastic Four movies to receive theatrical releases. In similar news (insofar as the connection between Ice Cube and Straight Outta Compton goes), Universal Pictures is also reportedly considering producing another rap industry biopic in the form of an adaptation of the non-fiction book Life and Def: Sex, Drugs, Money + God, about the early years of Def Jam records. &nbsp;If Universal does proceed, an early rumor suggests that they may be considering casting Jonah Hill and Fantastic Four star Michael B. Jordan as Rick Rubin and Russell Simmons, respectively.2.&nbsp;PROLIFIC ACTION STAR LIAM NEESON TO BE…&nbsp;THE REVENGER(Photo by Larry Busacca / Staff / Getty Images)The problem with basing the “Rotten Ideas” each week objectively on the aggregated RT Tomatometer scores of those involved, is that sometimes the numbers are misleading (there is such a thing as luck, and it’s not always good). Or sometimes people are punished by bad reviews for trying to operate outside their wheelhouse. Take for example, director Ruben Fleischer, who debuted in 2009 with the genre spoof Zombieland (90 percent on the Tomatometer), and then followed that up with three films as director or producer that have all struggled to receive RT scores above 45 percent. Then, there’s the case of Liam Neeson, who has appeared in plenty of well-received films, but partly because he’s so prolific, he’s also appeared in many (and in recent years, more) Rotten films than Fresh ones. Putting those two creatives together leads us to this week’s news that Liam Neeson has signed with Universal Pictures to star in an action comedy called The Revenger. Nothing is known about the premise, except that the title suggests that it’s possibly a spoof. There’s also the detail that the comedy pitch came from the writing team of The State/Reno 911 stars Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon, who have given us such wacky comedies as Balls of Fury, Herbie: Fully Loaded, and the first two Night at the Museum movies (though as writers, their Tomatometer only has one Fresh score, Starsky &amp; Hutch).1. DETAILS EMERGE FROM&nbsp;TRANSFORMERS “WRITERS ROOM”Earlier this year, the news cycle was populated several times about (many, many) different writers who were recruited by Paramount Pictures to participate in a “writers room” experiment for their Transformers franchise. The concept is that for two weeks, the same soundstage where dance recitals for Glee were held was used for over a dozen high profile screenwriters to pitch and “workshop” various ideas on where the Transformers franchise should go next. This week, we learned some preliminary details about two of the first projects to emerge from this experiment. &nbsp;The first such film is the least surprising, which is that there will be a straight up fifth Transformers movie, and the second to feature Mark Wahlberg in the lead role after last year’s Transformers: Age of Extinction. That film will be written by Akiva Goldsman (Batman &amp; Robin, Insurgent), who had also been sort of leading the writers room project. Michael Bay was initially reported to be returning to direct Transformers 5, but Bay quickly replied via Twitter, “Re: directing TF5. No, it’s not official. I have not committed to any idea as of yet.” The other project announced this week comes from screenwriters Andrew Barrer and Gabriel Ferrari (who are described as Ant-Man writers, but they were not credited on that film). Their film will be an animated Transformers movie focusing on the history of the planet Cybertron, and how the Transformers came to be. Barrer and Ferrari are also working on a new Sabrina the Teenage Witch movie.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Adventures, franchise, dc, rotten, movie, e., winner, dogs","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/MaryPoppins2.jpg","slug":"disney-plans-a-mary-poppins-sequel-charlies-angels-is-looking-to-reboot-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47612005310620","title":"Mike Flanagan’s Stuck-At-Home Binge Guide: Indie Horror Hits and Overlooked Gems","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Mike Flanagan's Stuck-At-Home Binge Guide: Indie Horror Hits and Overlooked GemsDoctor Sleep writer-director gives an update on his two new Netflix projects, The Haunting of Bly Manor and Midnight Mass, and shines a light on indie horror with recommendations for what to watch while you're hunkering down at home.by Aaron Pruner | April 9, 2020 |  Comments(Photo by Jessica Miglio / © Warner Bros. / courtesy Everett Collection)Mike Flanagan (Doctor Sleep, Gerald’s Game) was looking at a banner year, with the pending release of The Haunting of Bly Manor, the second installment to his hit Netflix series&nbsp;The Haunting of Hill House, and the start of production for his next project with the streamer,&nbsp;Midnight Mass. Then the entertainment industry shut down, with&nbsp;TV and film productions&nbsp;suspended as precautionary measures in response to the COVID-19 crisis.“Midnight Mass was two days away from principal photography when we shut down,” Flanagan told Rotten Tomatoes when we checked in with him recently. “I flew my family out of Vancouver just before they closed the border, and I could actually see some of the exterior sets we built from the airplane. A few days before the shutdown, we had a table read of all seven episodes with the full ensemble, and it was amazing. This show is so special to me. It was surreal to just put everything down and walk away from it.”The series, according to Deadline, follows&nbsp;“an isolated island community that experiences miraculous events — and frightening omens — after the arrival of a charismatic, mysterious young priest.” The series creator has been building up to this&nbsp;show for years now, with it beginning as an Easter egg in movies Hush and Gerald’s Game.Flanagan&nbsp;may not know when things will pick back up, but he’s confident they will:&nbsp;“Netflix has gone above and beyond when it comes to taking care of the cast and crew on its suspended shows. They’ve been adamant that as soon as it is safe, whenever that is, we will pick up right where we left off and get&nbsp;Midnight Mass back into production right away.”Bly Manor&nbsp;is a different story altogether.“We’re in post-production now and on schedule, and have been able to keep post moving by setting up remote editing systems in people’s houses,” Flanagan revealed.&nbsp;“I just can’t say what that schedule represents as far as release before Netflix makes their official announcement, but I can say that there isn’t any talk of changing the plan, at least as of yet.”Now with some epic downtime&nbsp;on his hands, Flanagan said his viewing habits have been “all over the map.”“Last night we watched Once,” he said, “and we’ve been bingeing Patriot on Amazon. I’m almost finished with season 1, and the ‘rock, paper, scissors’ scene is absolutely stunning.&nbsp;I’m halfway through War of the Worlds on Epix, and last week I had a positively weird triple-feature of Apocalypse Now, [Andrei] Tarkovsky’s Stalker, and A River Runs Through It.”While each of those titles&nbsp;— all Fresh or Certified Fresh at 80% and higher on the Tomatometer — is definitely worth a watch, the filmmaker has a few other recommendations for viewers at home. Many may know the man from his horror work in television, but Flanagan’s career began in the indie film world, and that’s where his heart still lies.“I figured I’d take this opportunity to amplify some independent horror films,” Flanagan said. “My debut feature Absentia was championed by a number of people in the horror community and spread entirely by word of mouth, and it’s entirely because of that support that I have this career.”While some of these indie horror movies can be found on the likes of Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon, Flanagan suggests if you can afford to go the extra step and make a purchase,&nbsp;that type of support speaks volumes.“These are the kind of movies where such purchases make a difference,” he says. “That kind of demonstrable audience helps more films like this get made, and helps these filmmakers have more ammunition to keep making the kinds of films they make.&nbsp;I can speak from personal experience that each and every rental or purchase makes a real and tangible difference.”Read on for Flanagan’s list of favorite indie horror films, “Each of which,” he adds, “would be well worth your time as we all do our part to mitigate the spread of this real-world horror.”Tigers Are Not Afraid (Vuelven) (2019)  97%Issa Lopez’s urban fairy tale is smart, scary, and so beautifully crafted. Part exploration of childhood trauma, part crime-fantasy, and all rendered with skill, heart, and talent that cements Lopez as an auteur to watch. There is a palpable magic to this movie, and the classic feeling of seeing children lost in the woods … in this case, the dark forest is an urban jungle, and the monsters that call it home are decidedly human.A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night (2014)  96%Ana Lily Amirpour is a badass. This vampire tale is impossible to categorize and utterly unique. This is a genre-bending tour-de-force, a hypnotic journey through the desolate streets of a dreamscape. Even accurately describing the film as a “black and white, Persian vampire-Western” doesn’t do it justice. If you haven’t seen it, I’m jealous … you’re in for an unforgettable treat.Harpoon (2019)  97%This wickedly funny thriller by Rob Grant puts three characters onto a boat, sets them adrift in the middle of nowhere and then lets their individual natures do the rest. Dark, unpredictable, and downright mischievous in its humor, this punches well above its weight. Come for the excellent performances, stay for the twisty, turning plotting. A real delight across the board.Lake Mungo (2009)  96%I have been recommending Joel Anderson’s unforgettable film to people for years and used to actually stockpile copies of it to give away. This wonderful ghost story presents itself as a documentary of a family’s haunting, complete with talking-head interviews, but reveals itself to be something else entirely. There is a tragic secret at the heart of Lake Mungo, and for all the chills (and believe me, there are many), I wasn’t ready for just how impactful the tragedy would be. I’ve been waiting since 2008 for the next Joel Anderson film.Cargo (2018)  88%Man does this movie hit me in the heart. Yolanda Ramke and Ben Howling have crafted a zombie movie unlike any other I’ve ever seen, with a dynamite hook and an emotional through-line that affected me way more than I was expecting. As a parent, this movie seized me by the heart. The final moments are as beautiful and poignant as I’ve seen, in and out of the genre. I was so impressed, in fact, that I had to get these filmmakers involved with&nbsp;The Haunting of Bly Manor&nbsp;(they direct two episodes).A Dark Song (2017)  90%Liam Gavin’s horrific descent through one woman’s hell, toward the possibility of forgiveness, is in a class all its own. What starts as a supernatural revenge fantasy quickly becomes something else entirely: an exploration of the horrors of grief and rage, anchored by Catherine Walker’s devastating performance. Like Cargo, I had barely finished wiping my tears as I tried to track down Liam to offer him some episodes of Bly Manor (he directed two).The Endless (2018)  92%I had a hard time choosing which film by Aaron Moorhead and Justin Benson to include on this list — every film they’ve ever made belongs here. Resolution and Spring are both miracles of low-budget filmmaking. I went with The Endless because of the additional joy I get watching Aaron and Justin act in the film. This time-bending, mind-bending classic is the tale of two brothers who stumble into strangeness when revisiting the UFO death cult they’d escaped as children. I love this movie and all of their work.They Look Like People (2015)  92%Perhaps one of the greatest miracles of DIY filmmaking I’ve ever seen, Perry Blackshear’s debut feature was made with virtually nothing (no crew, no cash, no crafty), just some friends who poured their hearts, souls, blood, and tears into telling a great story. Blackshear doesn’t just do a lot with a little here — he conjures things out of thin f–king air. This creepy, subtle, tragic, and ultimately uplifting tale of insanity and friendship is one of my all-time favorites and an inspiration to anyone who wants to make a movie. You can if you have the heart! This film proves that’s all you really need.Possum (2018)  90%Matthew Holness’ viciously bleak tone poem is one of the most unsettling horror films I’ve ever seen. The atmosphere of dread he creates is so thick it actually seeps into you as you view it, and you feel … well, you feel stained by the time you reach its conclusion. Featuring a tour-de-force performance by Sean Harris and some of the most nightmare-inducing imagery I’ve ever seen in an indie horror film — Holness is a force to be reckoned with.Creep (2015)  89%Patrick Brice and Mark Duplass are magicians to me. In addition to sharing writing duties, Brice directs, and both give amazing performances in one of the most wicked, fun, unsettling found-footage films I’ve ever seen. Watching this movie is like feeling a beartrap slowly close around your neck, and being unable — or unwilling — to free yourself before the final blow. And if you think the name “Peachfuzz” isn’t necessarily terrifying, well … think again. Followed by a sequel that is — no lie — just as good.The Taking Of Deborah Logan (2014)  91%Adam Robitel’s found-footage shocker functions just as well as an exploration of dementia and its effects on a family as it does a terrifying story of possession. Performances are stellar across the board, but it is the fearless turn by Jill Larson as the titular victim of demonic activity that lingers with you after the credits have rolled … well, that and the shot. If you’ve seen it, you know the one.The Invitation (2016)  89%Karyn Kusama’s quiet, deeply unsettling urban nightmare tells the story of a simple dinner party that begins to feel — wrong. To what extent it is wrong, how deep that abyss opens, is one of the most stunning and impactful elements of this terrific movie. The last harrowing moments are something to behold, but it’s the final moment of the film — as quiet and simple as any I’ve seen — that carries with it an implication of true horror. The shot itself is innocuous; it’s what it means that will haunt you.Freaks (2019)  88%This movie came completely out of nowhere for me and knocked me down. Zach Lipovsky and Adam B. Stein have crafted a dark sci-fi film that gives Marvel a run for its money. I mean that literally; this film probably had less in its entire budget than a typical Marvel movie spends on snacks. This is a thrilling, dark, scary, and entirely human twist on — well, I’ll let you discover that for yourself. This is a gem, and you won’t be sorry you gave it your time.The Blackcoat's Daughter (February) (2017)  73%Oz Perkins’ chilling and meditative puzzler is one of my favorites. Great performances across the board, what appears at first to be a story about girls encountering a supernatural force when left behind at their boarding school is revealed to be something even deeper by the end. I love this movie for a lot of reasons, but particularly because of how it touches on an unexplored facet of possession stories.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Valentine's, crime, movies, Rocketman, 93rd, Us","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"mike-flanagan-indie-horror-binge-guide"},{"id":"47612407165163","title":"Five Female Horror Directors Shaping the Future of the Genre","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Female Horror Directors Shaping the Future of the GenreThe next generation of female horror filmmakers are telling their own stories – and they're scary and thrilling as hell.by Jacqueline Coley | October 31, 2018 |  Comments(Photo by © IFC Midnight)Female creators are at the cutting edge of modern horror, turning out some of its most inspired, and twisted, offerings. Babadook director Jennifer Kent is one&nbsp;big name you might have heard of, but&nbsp;she’s at the crest of a huge wave of talent that’s likely to be splattering multiplexes with blood for decades to come.Joining them is actor-turned-writer Kristen Ruhlin, who spoke recently with Rotten Tomatoes about what inspired her to move into the bloody world of horror. It’s a tale many female&nbsp;actors and writers tell: she wasn’t finding stories that spoke to&nbsp;her. “One of my close friends suggested I just write my own thing and stop relying on other people,” she said.&nbsp;The result is&nbsp;Welcome to Mercy, out in limited release November 2, which draws on her&nbsp;religious upbringing to craft a hair-raising tale of abduction and the occult, and one with a specifically female focus.&nbsp;Ruhlin plays Madeline, a young single mother stricken with stigmata, sent to a remote convent where nothing is what it seems.&nbsp;“The correlation between religion and horror goes back to…people searching for answers to things that we can’t explain, and that can be itself frightening.”As Ruhlin’s movie hits theaters in limited release, and film media turns its focus on women in the horror genre,&nbsp;we’ve picked five films to watch from female horror filmmakers&nbsp;who are absolutely slaying right now.Raw (2017)  92%Written and directed by Julia DucournauOver 400 films screened at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2016, but only one left audience members seeking medical attention. It was an infamous debut for writer/director Julia Ducournau: paramedics were dispatched during a midnight screening of her cannibal horror film to revive multiple audience members who passed out. The story centers on Justine, a staunch vegetarian&nbsp;whose first bite of meat awakens a terrifying family secret. Not for the faint of heart, Raw is an unflinching take on teenage angst with a carnivorous twist.Jennifer's Body (2009)  45%Written by Diablo Cody, Directed by Karyn KusamaHorror films often capitalize on misogynist tropes to heighten the horror: only the good girls survive, no sex or booze, and generally stay in line if you want to be the ‘final girl.’&nbsp;Jennifer’s Body skewered this mindset to hilarious and terrifying results. Fresh, funny, and ahead of its time, this ultimate teen girl revenge fantasy was not well received initially. And yet, director Karyn Kusama’s little slice of feminist horror has gained something of a cult following in recent years. Her two leads – Jennifer (Megan Fox) and Needy (Amanda Seyfried) – are neither fully pure or fully sullied, and give female horror fans two strong characters they can revere and&nbsp;to whom they can relate (when they’re not being repulsed, of course).The Lure (Córki dancingu) (2017)  89%Directed by Agnieszka SmoczyńskaFables are a rich vein to mine for horror filmmakers,&nbsp;and this next terrifying tale drew its inspiration from Hans Christian Andersen. Agnieszka Smoczyńska’s blood-soaked horror-musical The Lure is a genre mashup that stays faithful to each genre into which it dives. Sister mermaids Golden and Silver escape the sea to live life on land, but they’re not looking for love. It’s fame they have their eyes set on. The movie is stacked to the brim with jaw-dropping style and rib-shaking melodies you will find yourself wanting to sing along to – whether you speak Polish or not.Revenge (2018)  93%Written and directed by&nbsp;Coralie FargeatThis is the type of film that happens when you point the female gaze squarely at the revenge horror genre, and aim to make something as bloody as possible, and mad as hell. In her debut feature, writer-director Coralie Fargeat marries Mad Max landscapes with Tarantino-style action for sensational and disturbing results. In Revenge, we follow Jen, a young girl enjoying a romantic getaway with her boyfriend when a series of events (that we don’t want to spoil) leaves her for dead. She miraculously survives and embarks on a no-holds-barred assault to wreak unrelenting wrath upon her attackers.The Love Witch (2016)  95%Written and directed by&nbsp;Anna BillerWriter-director Anna Biller did indeed cast a spell with her sophomore effort,&nbsp;The Love Witch. In a ’70s-styled B-movie throwback, we follow Elaine, a jilted femme fatale, as she loads up her lipstick-red Mustang and revs off to San Francisco in pursuit of the men who’ve wronged her. In another revenge plot, our lead adopts ‘Sex Magick,” potions, spells, and her womanly wiles to lure her unsuspecting victims. As beguiling as she is treacherous, Elaine is a villain we can’t help but root for no matter how twisted she gets.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Exclusive, History, critic, adaptation, Summer, series, halloween, SundanceTV, your","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"five-female-horror-directors-shaping-the-future-of-the-genre"},{"id":"47612978648433","title":"National Board of Review names Her Best Film of 2013","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})National Board of Review names Her Best Film of 2013by RT Staff | December 4, 2013 |  Comments#related_links,.article_body .pagination{display:none}#related_articles{display:none}.awmovie h3{margin:20px 0 10px 0;text-align:left}.awmovie ul{margin:0 auto;text-align:center;padding:0;border-top:1px solid #e6cf85}.awmovie li{float:left;margin:0 auto;padding:0;line-height:13px}.awmovie li a{line-height:20px}.awmovie .celeb,.awmovie .nopic,.awmovie .poster,.awmovie .single{float:left;width:700px;padding-left:10px}.awmovie .poster li a{font-size:12px}.awmovie .poster li em{font-size:12px;line-height:20px;color:#d84400}.awmovie .poster li a em{color:#285cab}.awmovie .poster li img{width:106px;height:160px}.awmovie .poster li.twoonly{margin-left:195px}.awmovie .poster li .tMeterScore{font-size:12px}.awmovie .poster li.winner{background:url(http://content8.flixster.com/site/10/25/87/10258702_ori.gif) no-repeat}.awmovie .celeb li.twoonly{margin-left:195px}.awmovie .celeb li a{font-size:12px}.awmovie .celeb li.winner{background:url(http://content6.flixster.com/site/10/25/42/10254280_ori.gif) no-repeat}.awmovie .celeb li a.molnk{display:inline}.awmovie .celeb .molnk{font-size:11px;font-style:italic;line-height:normal}.awmovie .nopic li{float:none;clear:both;list-style:none;line-height:25px}.awmovie .nopic li.winner span{background:url(http://content9.flixster.com/site/10/25/42/10254287_ori.gif) bottom repeat-x}.awmovie .nopic li.winner a{padding-right:65px;background:url(http://content6.flixster.com/site/10/25/42/10254288_ori.gif) top right no-repeat}.awmovie .movcel li.winner a{padding-right:0;background-image:none}.awmovie .movcel li.winner a.molnk{padding-right:65px;background:url(http://content6.flixster.com/site/10/25/42/10254288_ori.gif) center right no-repeat}.awmovie .single li .tMeterScore{font-size:12px}.awmovie .awcat{font-size:12px;text-align:center}.emmysnav a{margin:10px;font-size:14px;font-weight:700}.emmysnav strong{margin:10px;font-size:14px}The National Board of Review has named Her the Best Film of 2013. Read through for a complete list of winners.Best FilmHer 94%Best DirectorSpike JonzeHerBest ActorBruce DernNebraskaBest ActressEmma ThompsonSaving Mr. BanksAnimated FeatureThe Wind Rises 88%Best Directorial DebutFruitvale Station 94%Ryan CooglerForeign LanguageThe Past 92%Best DocumentaryStories We Tell 94%Best Supporting Actor – Will Forte for NebraskaBest Supporting Actress – Octavia Spencer for Fruitvale StationBest Original Screenplay – Joel and Ethan Coen for Inside Llewyn DavisBest Adapted Screenplay – Terence Winter for The Wolf of Wall StreetBreakthrough Performance – Michael B. Jordan for Fruitvale StationBreakthrough Performance – Adele Exarchopoulos for Blue Is The Warmest ColorWilliam K. Everson Film History Award – George Stevens, Jr.Best Ensemble – PrisonersSpotlight Award – Career Collaboration of Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprioNBR Freedom of Expression Award – WadjdaCreative Innovation in Filmmaking Award – Gravity","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"mutant, sequel, Pet, foreign, green, Mary, Winners, remakes","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"national-board-of-review-names-her-best-film-of-2013"},{"id":"47613160392113","title":"Michael Moore Talks \"Sicko,\" Heath Care, Edutainment, Cuba","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Michael Moore Talks \"Sicko,\" Heath Care, Edutainment, Cubaby Tim Ryan | June 25, 2007 |  CommentsThere isn’t much middle ground on Michael Moore; his bromide-laden documentaries have earned him both an enthusiastic following from many on the left and unvarnished vitriol from much of the right. But as divisive as Moore’s films can be, they’ve also been remarkable successful with audiences and critics.\"Fahrenheit 9/11\" is the highest-grossing doc of all time, and \"Bowling for Columbine\" won Moore an Oscar for best documentary. With \"Sicko\" (which opened Friday in New York, and made a remarkable $70,000 on one screen), Moore turns his sights on the American health care system; specifically, he posits that universal health care in Canada, France, and the U.K. offers both a greater level of service, general satisfaction, and fewer serious, potentially grievous problems than does America’s privatized model.\"Sicko\" generated its share of controversy because of its last segment, during which Moore took a group of afflicted 9/11 workers to Cuba for health care; some have accused Moore of whitewashing Fidel Castro‘s human rights violations, and the U.S. Treasury department has investigated the trip to determine if it violated the U.S. embargo with Cuba. But Moore defended his stop in Havana, saying the U.S. should be doing more to help the ailing, especially those it considers its heroes.Moore spoke with journalists at a press conference at the Cannes Film Festival shortly after the film’s premiere; he discussed balancing facts with entertainment and reforming the American system — and Americans’ thinking when it comes to universal health care.Q: You oversimplify some things, sometimes for entertainment purposes. That does make you open to more mainstream critics who see you as telling incomplete truths. You know that will happen so why do you choose to make your films this way?Michael Moore: I’m making a movie. I have a 90 to 120 minute time-frame. What you call oversimplification I call a rocking good way to tell a story that leaves no one bored and wanting more at the end of the movie. That’s my goalQ: Do you have any immediate and realistic solutions for the United States problems that could be implemented immediately?Moore: One thing we really need to do is get the money out of politics and reform so that these pharmaceutical companies and health insurance companies can’t buy our congress. If we took the money out we’d have a better chance of getting the bills passed and begin a pre-universal, not-for-profit healthcare. I have a list of sites on my web site. I have a list of organizations I encourage people to hook up with and bills for congress. I hope people will become active participants and do something about this. Sometimes I feel I’m in a position and I should try to initiate some engagement. I don’t really think that’s my role to do that and something gets lost in this whole discussion about the film and the festival. I’m a filmmaker and I seldom get to talk about being a filmmaker, making films or what I think about films. Instead I’m asked political questions and I’m only equipped to answer the questions so far. I try to put into my films some thing I feel but I wasn’t kidding when I said I wasn’t writing a book. I’m very careful about the facts in my film — I’m careful they’re accurate and correct. If I say, \"There’s nearly 50 million people without health care,\" that’s a fact. You have to trust that’s a fact. But if I say, \"I think part of health insurance should be eliminated,\" that’s a conclusion I’ve reached through the facts I’ve found. If I said things that were wrong, trust me, people could come at me from all direction but they don’t because things I state as truth are true and things I state as opinions are mine. So the only way these critics can come at me is for the opinions I express or by confusing the opinions for facts.Click here for the full interview!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"science, Movies, Diego, heist, It, TCA, miniseries, language, video, Sundance","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"michael-moore-talks-sicko-heath-care-edutainment-cuba"},{"id":"47613299251699","title":"UK Critics Consensus: Is Burn After Reading A Coens Classic? Does Eagle Eye Have Enough Action, Man?","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})UK Critics Consensus: Is Burn After Reading A Coens Classic? Does Eagle Eye Have Enough Action, Man?Plus, Does The Rocker Rock On Or Roll Off?by Tom Butler | October 17, 2008 |  CommentsIn this week’s roster of UK cinema releases we have the latest addition to the Coen canon in the CIA comedy caper, Burn After Reading. Shia LeBeouf stakes a further claim to the Hollywood A-list in the high concept cyber-thriller Eagle Eye, and a washed up ’80s rockstar wannabe gets another stab at fame with his nephew’s band in The Rocker. But what did the UK critics have to say?Last year, the Coen brothers picked up the Academy Award for Best Picture for their neo-western thriller No Country For Old Men, and at 94% on the Tomatometer, this was long-deserved acclaim for Joel and Ethan Coen, and set their already high standards to an even higher benchmark. It’s an oft-quoted theory that the Coens make two types of films; Screwball caper comedies a la Raising Arizona and The Big Lebowski or the ‘serious,’ tougher and more gritty efforts like Fargo and Miller’s Crossing. With No Country they made, arguably, their toughest and grittiest film yet, with great success, so it makes sense that with their follow up, instead of trying to outmuscle their modern masterpiece, they’ve stepped into screwball mode for Burn After Reading. To many this may have seemed a risk, with their last comedic outing, Ealing comedy remake, The Ladykillers taking a bit of a critical kicking at 55% on the Tomatometer, but the Coens’ gamble seems to have paid off with Burn After Reading, as it currently stands at a respectable 78% on the Tomatometer. Despite a few calls from the critics over the lightweight throwaway feel of the film due to its slender running time of 96 minutes, most have been raving about the daffy turns from all the actors involved, with many praising Brad Pitt’s brainless portrayal of fitness instructor Chad Feldheimer as comedy gold. With a killer one/two combo of their last two movies, fans all over will be waiting with baited breath for their next cinematic outing, A Serious Man, due for release next year.Shia LeBeouf’s rise to the top of the pile in Hollywood surely hasn’t been hindered after being taken under the wing of Steven Spielberg. With a starring role in Spielberg’s Dreamworks Studio teen-thriller Disturbia, followed by a lead role in the Spielberg-produced, robots in disguise, action adventure hit Transformers and finally being cast as Indiana Jones Jr, Mutt Williams, in Indiana Jones and The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull, LeBeouf has become an instantly recognised presence on the big screen. In Eagle Eye,(produced by Spielberg unsurprisingly) he is back with Disturbia director DJ Caruso, and is out to carry on his winning streak in this cyber thriller, as Jerry Shaw, a slacker who gets embroiled in a terrorist plot, out to clear his name with help from the FBI. Unfortunately, the critics didn’t allow themselves to get carried away with the high octane, low brainer action, and many dismiss the film for its preposterous and implausible plotting, accusing it of borrowing too heavily from many other superior, and classic, films. The critics who liked it enjoyed the snappy and thrilling pace of the brainless entertainment on offer, but not enough to escape the ignominy of a measly 28% on the Tomatometer as it currently stands.Rainn Wilson is probably not a name too well known to UK audiences, but he has a face that makes you think “Hmm, I recognise him from somewhere” thanks to small roles in Juno, and My Super Ex-Girlfriend, as well as a regular role in the American remake of The Office, and a recurring one in the critically-acclaimed Six-Feet Under. In The Rocker, Wilson takes centre stage as ex-rocker Robert ‘Fish’ Fishman, a drummer with fictitious ’80s rock band Vesuvius, who was given the boot moments before the band hit the big time, and who has been coming to terms with his near brush with superstardom ever since. He gets his second chance to reclaim his rock-god throne, when he joins his teenage nephews, high school rock band A.D.D., whilst showing his young band mates the merits of a rock and roll lifestyle in the process. The Rocker seems to have fared better with the UK critics than it did with the US critics, who, in the main had panned the film for its formulaic and unoriginal style, unfunny and forgettable script and shameless similarities to the vastly superior School Of Rock. UK critics weren’t so harsh, and many enjoyed the brisk humour, snappy one liners and good natured feeling to the whole proceedings, even if some of the slapstick doesn’t quite get the laughs it hopes for. Currently at 39% on the Tomatometer, The Rocker isn’t quite that rocking.Also worth checking out this week…Young@Heart – Full of endearing characters, this doc about a choir of “seniors behaving badly” is uplifting and delightful. 88% on the Tomatometer.La Zona – A slick and smart Mexican thriller of middle-class panic and vigilantism, that is lean, mean and often shocking. 78% on the Tomatometer.Quote Of The Week“A worse film might be dismissed as sobsploitation.”Young@Heart. Nigel Andrews, Financial Times.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"2017, Purge, of, BET, ESPN, Interview, Awards, television, Kids, screenings, blockbuster","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"uk-critics-consensus-is-burn-after-reading-a-coens-classic-does-eagle-eye-have-enough-action-man"},{"id":"47613485612625","title":"Five Facts About Micmacs","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Facts About MicmacsThe Amelie director is back with his curiously-titled latest.by Rosamund Witcher | February 24, 2010 |  Comments[tomatometer]MuzeID=1210883[/tomatometer]Jean-Pierre Jeunet is one of France’s most revered directors. His 2001 modern classic, Amelie, is the most successful French-language film of all time, raking in over £112 million at the worldwide box office. Dalliances into Hollywood have been less successful, with 1997’s Alien Resurrection receiving a critical mauling and an attempt to adapt Yann Martel’s Life of Pi abandoned at the eleventh hour.Now Jeunet is back where he belongs, in France. And his extraordinary imagination has created a new set of highly original characters for his latest film, Micmacs. In it, Dany Boon is a hapless slacker who enlists a bunch of quirky underdogs to help him defeat the weapons manufacturers responsible for his father’s death. RT brings you five facts about Jeunet’s latest creation (and, yes, we do explain that baffling title…)Fact #1: The Unlikely Inspiration is Disney Meets Sergio Leone“You know Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,” exclaims Jean-Pierre Jeunet, waving his arms around with excitement. “Well, I wanted to create something funny and imaginative like that: a stupid band of seven people. And also I wanted a story of revenge because I love Once Upon a Time in the West so much.“I put everything I have into this film,” laughs Jeunet. “There are no limits — it’s all of my influences at once. Guillaume Laurant, my writing partner, and I note down everything we hear. Then, when we write a script, we open the box of details and use them. Only when the box is packed full of ideas to we start to write. The principle of the Walt Disney Company is to have one idea per shot and I try to do that too.”Continue onto the next page as Jeunet talks about his star Dany Boon, working in Hollywood and Harry Potter.Fact #2: Jeunet Loves Dany Boon (Despite a Touch of Friendly Rivalry…)“Dany has a childlike spirit,” explains Jeunet of his leading man. “He’s so funny, but he can also be very emotional. This role wasn’t easy because he plays a character with a bullet lodged in his brain. Sometimes he has problems with the bullet and has to slap himself on the head. Of course, it’s not easy to play that without looking ridiculous, but he can. Also, the film mixes slapstick comedy with the serious issue of weapon sellers and Dany can pull that off. Despite his huge success, he is still very polite and funny and never late. He doesn’t act like a star.”As a successful director in his own right, however, Boon did bring out Jeunet’s competitive side. “Dany got 21 million admissions for his film Bienvenue chez les Ch’tis in France, can you believe it? I am a little bit jealous. Amelie had only eight and half million admissions,” Jeunet mock-frowns before raising an eyebrow. “But, in the rest of the world, Amelie is still the biggest success!”Fact #3: Fans Should Savour Micmacs, As His Next Film Won’t Be Any Time SoonIt has been six years since Jeunet’s last film, the Oscar-nominated A Very Long Engagement. Admirable as it is to take his time, refusing to churn out films on demand, what on earth is taking so long? “I need time to find the right idea,” he protests. “Right now I am reading a lot of books because I would like to make another adaptation. It’s very difficult to find the right concept because I’m going to spend three years working on it. And I write the script myself, which is a big, big deal. Then you have to find the money, which is always a long process. It’s also a long process to make the film because I am very picky and I pay attention to every detail.” It’s worth it in the end though, right?Fact #4: After Working in Hollywood, Jeunet is Glad to be Back in France“The main difference between France and Hollywood is freedom,” he explains. “In Hollywood, I was pretty free towards the end but I had to fight. It was a struggle every day to convince people that my edit was right. Sometimes it worked and sometimes it didn’t work.”1997’s Alien Resurrection is the only film that Jeunet has completed in Hollywood. He now dismisses it as “for teenagers with acne,” and the critical response was mixed, to say the least. “I try to never read reviews,” he says now. “Even if it’s a good review, it’s bad for you because we are so sensitive. So I prefer to avoid reading them. I ask people, ‘is it good?’ and that’s enough for me.”Another bad experience was the time he spent in development hell on the troubled Life of Pi, which never began shooting. “I lost two years on that film,” he says of the project, which is now in pre-production again with Ang Lee at the helm. “So it is not about the money.”Money certainly wasn’t a consideration for Jeunet when he turned down the chance to direct Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. “It was a great honour to be asked,” he admits. “But I like to create a world and, for Harry Potter, everything was ready: the production design, the set, the costumes, the casting. And the actors know their characters by heart, much more than I could. So I had the courage to say no.”Fact #5: But He Doesn’t Aim to PleaseFrom the infuriatingly inaccessible title (the full version of which, Micmacs a tire-larigot, roughly translates as “loads of dodgy dealings”) to the ludicrous premise, Jeunet refuses to pander to what international audiences might want.“I do hold test screenings,” he concedes. “But, if some people say they don’t like a scene that I love, I just say, ‘I don’t care!’ I won’t cut the scene.”This stubbornness may be another reason why the nonconformist director prefers to work on his home turf. “In Hollywood I would have had to cut the scene because the audience is king,” he admits. “In France, I have more freedom.”Micmacs is released in the UK on Friday 26 February,","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"TCM, Comic, rotten, finale, jurassic, TCA, foreign, Valentine's, Yoda, disaster, cinematic, Trophy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"five-facts-about-micmacs"},{"id":"47613909828382","title":"Bill Paxton: 1955-2017","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Bill Paxton: 1955-2017The star of Titanic, Aliens, and Big Love was 61.by Tim Ryan | February 26, 2017 |  CommentsBill Paxton, the Golden Globe-nominated actor whose everyman persona belied a versatility and penchant for eccentric roles in a wide variety of movies and television series, died Feb. 25 after complications from heart surgery. He was 61.Paxton is probably best known to general audiences for his work with director James Cameron; the actor scored one of his first movie parts in The Terminator, and had memorable supporting roles in Aliens (he ad-libbed his famous “Game over, man!” line in an early rehearsal) and Titanic (playing the treasure hunter whose interview with an elderly Rose provides the film’s framing device).Born in Fort Worth, TX, Paxton was photographed in the crowd in Dallas the day President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. After appearing in a few Roger Corman films and The Terminator, Paxton made a memorable impression in John Hughes’ Weird Science as a bullying older sibling; in Kathryn Bigelow’s Near Dark as a particularly bloodthirsty vampire; and in Carl Franklin’s low-budget thriller One False Movie, as an eccentric cop.Paxton was a big part of several major box office hits in the 1990s; in addition to Titanic, he played an astronaut in Apollo 13 and a storm chaser in Twister. Other memorable roles the dark thrillers A Simple Plan and Frailty, the later of which marked Paxton’s feature directorial debut and earned a cult following.Most recently, Paxton’s best work could be found on television. He earned two Golden Globe nominations for his performance as the head of a polygamous family in Big Love, and earned critical acclaim for his work in the Hatfields &amp; McCoys miniseries. He can currently be seen on the CBS police drama Training Day. He is survived by his wife and two children.For Bill Paxton’s complete filmography on Rotten Tomatoes, click here.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Schmidt, TV, we, GLAAD, TLC, psycho, composers, Reality, Comics, YouTube, Diego, pirates, Games, Tyler, Spring","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"bill-paxton-1955-2017"},{"id":"47614100880235","title":"Ebert’s Overlooked Film Festival 2005","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Ebert's Overlooked Film Festival 2005by RT Staff | March 16, 2005 |  CommentsA 70-mm French comedy by Jacques Tati will open my 7th annual Overlooked Film Festival this April, and a Bollywood musical starring \"the most beautiful woman in the world\" will close it.The festival, held April 20-24 at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, showcases overlooked films, formats and genres, and is held in the 1,600-seat Virginia Theater, a restored movie palace in downtown Champaign.The 12 selections, in alphabetical order, will be: \"After Dark, My Sweet\" (1990), a moody film noir directed by James Foley and starring Jason Patric, Rachel Ward and Bruce Dern as three loners who conspire in a foolhardy kidnap scheme. Jason Patric will appear in person.\"Baadasssss!\" (2004), the story of how Melvin Van Peebles‘ 1969 film \"Sweet Sweetback’s Baadassss Song\" gave a crucial impetus to the independent black film movement. His son Mario Van Peebles, who directed the film and stars as his own father, will appear in person.\"Map of the Human Heart\" (1993), Vincent Ward‘s visionary romance about a love between a young Eskimo boy and an Indian girl he meets in a Montreal hospital. Jason Scott Lee and Anna Parillaud star in a story that takes them, when they are adults, from Canada to the center of World War II. Invitations are pending with Ward and Lee.\"Me and You and Everyone We Know,\" my favorite feature at Sundance 2005, starring Miranda July as a would-be artist who falls in love with a shoe salesman (John Hawkes). That hardly suggests the originality and compexity of the story, which is about the mysteries of sex and the enchantments of the heart. Miranda July, a performance artist who also wrote and directed, will appear in person.\"Murderball,\" winner of the Audience Award for best documentary at Sundance 2005, is about the sport of full-contact wheelchair rugby, and is especially appropriate for the Urbana campus, one of the birthplaces of wheelchair sports. In person: Star player Mark Zupan, famed coach , directors Dana Adam Shapiro and Henry Alex Rubin, and producer Jeff Mandel.\"The Phantom of the Opera,\" the 1925 silent classic starring Lon Chaney, \"the Man of 1,000 Faces,\" who keeps his well-hidden for most of the film. Live in the orchestra pit: The Alloy Orchestra of Cambridge, Mass, performing their original score for the film.\"Playtime\" (1967), by the great French director and actor Jacques Tati. A recently-restored 70mm print will continue the Overlooked custom of opening with a 70mm film. The movie, which features Tati’s famous Mr. Hulot bemused and bewildered by a series of modern architectural spaces, was Steven Spielberg‘s inspiration for his comedy \"The Terminal.\" In person: Chicago Reader critic Jonathan Rosenbaum, who considers \"Playtime\" perhaps the greatest film ever made.\"Primer\" (2004), a brilliant sci-fi film about techheads who construct a device in the garage that turns out to be a time machine. The movie’s charm is its ability to observe its heroes combining cybertheory with venture capitalism. Made for a reported $7,000 but looking professional and accomplished, the film won the 2004 Grand Jury Prize at Sundance. In person: The writer, director and star, Shane Carruth.\"The Saddest Music in the World\" (2003), by the famed Canadian independent filmmaker Guy Maddin, whose comedy, in the form of a 1930s documentary, is about a Winnepeg contest to find the saddest song of all. Presiding is Isabella Rossellini, a glass-legged beer baroness who invites musicians from all over the world. Also on the program: Maddin’s \"The Heart of the World\" (2000), arguably the most-hailed short subject of the last five years. In person: Guy Maddin.\"The Secret of Roan Inish\" (1994), by John Sayles, a hero of the independent film movement, will be our free family matinee on Saturday. Photographed in Donegal, Ireland by former festival guest Haskell Wexler, the film tells of a 10-year old who learns the local legend of Selkies, who are sometimes human, sometimes seals. In person: John Sayles and his producer throughout his career, Maggie Renzi.\"Taal\" (1999), a glorious Bollywood extravaganza, will be the Sunday matinee musical. The movie stars \"Miss Bollywood,\" Aishwarya Rai, often called the most beautiful woman in the world, as a singer who falls in love with the son of a rich neighbor—until his parents insult hers, and she seems about to marry a famous music video director. In person: The director, Subhash Ghai, and Uma da Cunha, publisher of a Mumbai trade journal and expert on Indian films.\"Yesterday,\" one of this year’s Academy Award nominees for best foreign film, and the first feature shot in the Zulu language. A beautiful and deeply moving film, it stars Leleti Khumalo (\"Sarafina!,\" \"Cry, the Beloved Country,\" \"Hotel Rwanda\") as a village woman whose husband works in the mines of Johannesburg while she raises their young daughter. In person: Two pioneers of the independent South African film movement, producer Anant Singh and his longtime colleague, director Darrell Roodt. Miss Khumalo will attend if her filming schedule permits.The festival will also offer free panel discussions. At 10 a.m. Thursday I will lead a panel of the visiting filmmakers. At 10 a.m. Friday, Prof. Andrea Press of the Institute of Communications Research will chair a panel on \"Women in Film.\" At 9:30 a.m. Saturday, I will have a discussion with our special guest Jean Picker Firstenberg, director of the American Film Institute.All guest film artists receive the Golden Thumb award, which will also be given to Ms. Firstenberg, Brenda Sexton of the Illinois Film Office, Rosenbaum, Gerson and Uma da Cunha, Roger and Joanne Plummer, and Betsy Hendrick.Films are selected by me, with the invaluable advice and counsel of Prof. Nate Kohn of the University of Georgia, who is the festival director. The executive producer is Nancy Casey, the assistant director is Mary Susan Britt, the festival manager is Nickie Dalton, and Chaz Hammelsmith Ebert is the special advisor.Individual tickets go on sale April 1 at the Virginia Theater (217-356-9063). All passes have already been sold. For more information, go to www.ebertfest.com. Most of the entries are reviewed at rogerebert.com, which includes longer Great Movie essays on \"After Dark, My Sweet,\" \"The Phantom of the Opera\" and \"Playtime.\"— By Roger Ebert","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Lucasfilm, CNN, 2021, worst, movies, BET, Marvel, ID, Purge","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"eberts-overlooked-film-festival-2005"},{"id":"47614389586944","title":"Bonding with Bond, Day 23: Casino Royale (2006)","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Bonding with Bond, Day 23: Casino Royale (2006)One intrepid RT editor is watching all of the James Bond films in order.by Ryan Fujitani | November 12, 2008 |  CommentsDaniel Craig is the new 007, and he is one determined agent. He’s grimy and dark, but stylish and sensitive. And he’s really good at killing people.Casino Royale (2006)  94%I am going to be honest here: the first and only time I saw Casino Royale two years ago, I was underwhelmed by it. Yes, I had certain ideas in mind about what Bond was like, and when Daniel Craig was chosen as the new 007, even I balked and thought, “I can’t see how he fits into my perception of James Bond.” When my friends all returned from a viewing, however, and told me how much they loved the movie, and how incredible Craig was, I decided I would give it a chance. At the time, I was disappointed, and I don’t honestly recall why. I also retained very little from that movie, which is a testament to how little I cared for it. So, when I re-viewed it last night, I was blown away by how wrong I was.Initially, I completely forgot that Casino Royale was meant to be a reboot of the franchise, so when the opening scene makes mention of Bond just recently being granted “double-0” status, it immediately jogged my memory. Similar revelations would occur later in the film when Bond “acquires” his classic Aston Martin DB5, and when he meets Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright) for the first time — since I finally had some context, I reacted to this meeting with a giddy, “Ohhh, that’s Felix Leiter!” This was a giddiness I didn’t experience the first go-round, and it would characterize several moments throughout the film for me.There were some things I noticed in Casino Royale that recalled elements from the series as a whole, and these were again things I didn’t pick up on without the full context. First of all, while the early parkour chase scene was incredibly shot and choreographed, it demonstrated a continuance of Bond’s habit of recklessness, as he not only destroys an entire construction site in Madagascar, but also storms into the grounds of an embassy and shoots an unarmed man on camera. Next, there’s also the disposable mistress-of-a-bad guy who he beds for information and who ultimately gets iced. Then, there’s the sophisticated nemesis who’s not only asthmatic but also sports a freaky eye that “weeps blood.” I don’t point these out as flaws; on the contrary, they are dutiful homages to the franchise that reassure us we are indeed seeing James Bond, however different in tone he might be, and I was able to appreciate them in a way I couldn’t when I first saw this movie. When Bond puts on a tux for the first time, for example, and his theme music rises in the background, I cracked a warm smile.Then there’s the Bond girl, Eva Green’s Vesper Lynd, who plays a crucial role in the film and provides the kind of sexual tension only a few other Bond girls have been able to manage. Her conversations with Bond were some of the most fun dialogue in the movie, and her role was written convincingly enough that when Bond eventually falls for her, I bought it wholesale. The twist at the end adds an even deeper level to her character, making her one of the best Bond girls, period, if not the best.I also enjoyed M’s role in Casino Royale. Every time I thought to myself, “Gee, that was careless of him,” or “There goes Bond’s libido again,” M pretty much echoed my thoughts and spat them directly at Bond herself. She plays the voice of reason in the movie, and she let me know that the writers were aware of many of the things I’d seen in the previous Bond movies and that this new Bond was bucking the system anyway. This only further reinforced the idea that Bond does not live in an alternate universe of loose logic and no consequences; he simply doesn’t care, and he’s going to do whatever he damn well pleases anyway. In other words, Bond is a badass.Daniel Craig makes an intimidating 007, but he is not without humor, and Casino Royale isn’t all blood and brooding. The action sequences are all pretty impressive, though some are better than others, and they are spaced out nicely by important plot elements that are engaging to watch in their own right. However, I thought Le Chiffre was a so-so villain, and I can understand some of the criticisms I’ve heard about this movie taking inspiration from the Bourne series. But I don’t fault the makers of Casino Royale for wanting to take Bond in a new direction, because it feels more in line with what modern moviegoers are looking for in an action film. Audiences are smarter and more discerning now than ever, so it makes sense to reboot the franchise with material that hits harder. With all of this in mind, be sure to come back tomorrow for my thoughts on Quantum of Solace.Favorite line: “Now the world’s gonna know you died scratching my balls!”Favorite moment: I loved the parkour chase. I thought it was breathtaking even the first time I saw it, and rewatching it last night was no different.Other Articles:Day 1: Dr. No (1962)Day 2: From Russia With Love (1963)Day 3: Goldfinger (1964)Day 4: Thunderball (1965)Day 5: Casino Royale (1967)Day 6: You Only Live Twice (1967)Day 7: On Her Majesty’s Secret Service (1969)Day 8: Diamonds Are Forever (1971)Day 9: Live and Let Die (1973)Day 10: The Man with the Golden Gun (1974)Day 11: The Spy Who Loved Me (1977)Day 12: Moonraker (1979)Day 13: For Your Eyes Only (1981)Day 14: Octopussy (1983)Day 15: Never Say Never Again (1983)Day 16: A View to a Kill (1985)Day 17: The Living Daylights (1987)Day 18: Licence to Kill (1989)Day 19: GoldenEye (1995)Day 20: Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)Day 21: The World Is Not Enough (1999)Day 22: Die Another Day (2002)Day 23: Casino Royale (2006)Day 24: Quantum of Solace (2008)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"71st, color, criterion, Games","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"bonding-with-bond-day-23-casino-royale-2006"},{"id":"47614757267611","title":"Jane Out, Dahl In on \"Punisher 2\"?","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Jane Out, Dahl In on \"Punisher 2\"?by Scott Weinberg | May 18, 2007 |  CommentsWe’re already well aware that actor Thomas Jane has walked away from the \"Punisher\" sequel, but now comes word that a new director might be attached.One source indicates that the new director will be John Dahl, the man who gave you \"Red Rock West,\" \"The Last Seduction,\" \"Joy Ride,\" \"The Great Raid,\" and \"Rounders.\" (OK, and \"Unforgettable.\") He also has \"You Kill Me\" hitting screens this summer.We’re also assured that the villain Jigsaw will make an appearance in \"The Punisher 2.\" (No, not that Jigsaw.) Now all they need is a leading man. Any suggestions from the Tomato patch?Source: Freeze Dried Movies","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"lord, Con, on, park, Elton, Annual, hispanic, Society, spinoff, King, Series, TV, Larson, wars, 2018","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"jane-out-dahl-in-on-punisher-2"},{"id":"47614914520292","title":"Direct a \"Slither\" Commercial!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Direct a \"Slither\" Commercial!by Scott Weinberg | February 28, 2006 |  CommentsThanks to ComingSoon.net for sharing a press release from Universal, the gist of which is this: If you’re a geeky horror fan who wants to enter a contest that could net you 25 Grand and the title of TV Commerical Director … head on over to the official \"Slither\" site and be prepared to start sluggin’.Universal Pictures today announced a call for entries for its \"Slug it Out!\": Slither TV Spot Contest. Coinciding with the promotional launch of the new genre-bending horror film Slither, the contest offers one lucky winner a grand prize of $25,000 and the chance to have his or her advertising concept become part of the theatrical campaign for the film. Slither oozes into theaters nationwide on March 31, 2006.Starting today, site visitors to Slithermovie.net will have 10 days to \"Slug It Out!\" Online users will be given hands-on exposure to the world of theatrical motion picture advertising as they assemble the ultimate TV commercial to promote the film. With a special \"Slug It Out\" feature available only on the Slither web site, visitors can take Universal-supplied assets including clips, music cues, sound FX and graphics to build a customized version of a Slither TV spot.Adam Fogelson, president of marketing, Universal Pictures notes, \"’Slither’ is a horror film unlike most, and it has a marketing campaign that reflects that. This genre really encourages audience participation, and we know the fans are capable of some disgusting, hilarious work. We’re here to reward that creativity.\"Users have two options to design the spot. The first option is to \"Do It Yourself,\" allowing aspiring filmmakers to download assets and edit using their own editing software. The second option, \"Flash it Out,\" is available for those users who are not familiar with desktop video editing applications. This feature is a Flash-based timeline editing system that is simple enough for anyone to use.After submissions have been collected, 25 semi-finalists will be chosen by Universal Pictures based on creative requirements set by the studio. Of these selections, five will be chosen for the final round by talent from the film. The four runners-up will each receive $1,000 and autographed Slither memorabilia, while the grand prize winner will receive $25,000 and the chance for the spot to air on television as part of the film’s advertising campaign. The remaining 20 semi-finalists will receive a Slither prize pack and one of Universal Pictures’ classic horror films on DVD.Once the entry period has concluded on 3/9, users can go to the \"’Slither’ Theater\" section of the web site to rate and react to the latest and greatest disgusting submissions from the public. At the conclusion of the contest, the winner will have his or her creation prominently displayed online. The winner(s) will be announced the week of 3/27.Slither is an edgy blend of heart-stopping terror, wry humor and surprising humanity from genre-bending screenwriter James Gunn, whose Dawn of the Dead became one of 2004’s most surprising hits.The sleepy town of Wheelsy could be any small town in America — somewhat quaint and gentle, peopled with friendly folks who mind their own business. But just beneath the surface charm, something unnamed and evil has arrived … and is growing. No one seems to notice as telephone poles become clogged with missing pet flyers, or when one of the town’s richest citizens, Grant Grant (Michael Rooker), begins to act strangely. But when farmers’ livestock turn up horribly mutilated and a young woman goes missing, Chief of Police Bill Pardy (Nathan Fillion) and his team, aided by Grant’s wife Starla (Elizabeth Banks), uncover the dark force laying siege to their town … and come face-to-face with an older-than-time organism intent on absorbing and devouring all life on Earth.—I’ll leave the advertising to the professionals; I just want to see the movie already!\"Slither\" makes its debut at the South By Southwest Film Festival just prior to its 3/31 release date.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"spanish, MSNBC, Western, movies, league, CMT, your, TV, 2016, Hear, Columbia, Ghostbusters, FX, Thanksgiving","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"direct-a-slither-commercial"},{"id":"47612046969001","title":"Rotten Tomatoes Predicts the 2020 Oscar Winners: Our Final Picks for the 92nd Academy Awards!","content":"Trophy Talkvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Rotten Tomatoes Predicts the 2020 Oscar Winners: Our Final Picks for the 92nd Academy Awards!Win your office pool with our predictions for who will win (and who should win) on Sunday Night. And yes, we're predicting a handful of upsets.by Jacqueline Coley | February 4, 2020 |  CommentsThe big night is&nbsp;finally&nbsp;here! (You’re feeling as drained as we are by awards season, right?!) The Academy Awards will be handed out on Sunday evening and at long last some of our biggest questions of the season will finally be answered: Who will be named Best Director? Will&nbsp;Parasite&nbsp;make&nbsp;history as the first&nbsp;foreign-language&nbsp;Best Picture winner? And will&nbsp;Quentin&nbsp;Tarantino get his third Best Original Screenplay Oscar?Recommended: Full list of the 2020 Oscar WinnersSome of the biggest names in Hollywood will be on hand to dole out the little gold men&nbsp;–&nbsp;Zazie Beetz, Mahershala Ali, and Steve Martin are among the night’s 32 presenters. And more of the world’s biggest stars will be on hand to potentially receive those statuettes:&nbsp;Joaquin Phoenix, Laura Dern, and Leonardo DiCaprio&nbsp;are among the night’s potential big winners.All five Best Original Song nominees will be performed during the show, along with something special from Billie Eilish. (Bond song, anyone?)Download and Print:&nbsp;Our Printable 2020 Oscars Ballot&nbsp;with Tomatometer and Audience ScoresTo help you with your Oscar ballots – and to get the debate started – the Rotten Tomatoes team has made&nbsp;some educated guesses on who will win come Sunday night. We polled our own staff, consulted our&nbsp;Awards Leaderboard,&nbsp;reviewed our notes from the season, and then met as a staff and deliberated to finalize our picks. It got… heated.So, if you want to win your office pool, or just be the most informed person at your Oscars party, read below for our predictions for the 2020 Academy Awards and let us know who you think will win in the comments.Follow us on social all day Sunday, February 9,&nbsp;for reactions, and check back with Rotten Tomatoes&nbsp;after the ceremony to hear our take on the Oscars’ most memorable moments and the night’s biggest shocks.Best Picture(Photo by © Neon)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;Win?Parasite (Gisaengchung) (2019)  98%What should&nbsp;win?Bong Joon-ho’s Parasite should and will win. In our internal discussions, we all agreed that 1917 is perhaps the safer bet, and there was plenty of love for Jojo Rabbit and Once Upon A Time in Hollywood.&nbsp;But just about everyone&nbsp;we’ve seen out and about during the season – including many voters – is raving about Parasite, and it has topped our Awards Leaderboard for most of the year by a wide margin. And so we are going against the punditry and are betting on Bong for the big win.&nbsp;If he does win,&nbsp;Parasite&nbsp;will make history&nbsp;as the first foreign-language Best Picture winner, just one year after Roma came so close to pulling off the same feat.Best Actor(Photo by © Warner Bros.)Who&nbsp;will win?Joaquin Phoenix&nbsp;– Joker (2019)  68%Who&nbsp;should win?For his extraordinary performance as Batman’s premier foe, Phoenix has been comfortably in the frontrunner’s seat for the entire season and that’s exactly where he should be. Earlier in the year, we thought that&nbsp;Adam Driver‘s work in&nbsp;Marriage Story would give three-time Oscar nominee Phoenix a run for his money, but those thoughts quickly&nbsp;evaporated&nbsp;as Joker&nbsp;swept just about every Best Actor contest this season. We&nbsp;shall forever lament the fact that&nbsp;Adam Sandler&nbsp;didn’t make it on nominations morning for Uncut Gems&nbsp;–&nbsp;justice for Sandman! –&nbsp;but we are confident that even if he was nominated Phoenix would still come out on top.Best ActressWho&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Renée Zellweger&nbsp;– Judy (2019)  81%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Like Phoenix, Renée Zellweger has been waving at her competition from the winner’s dais all season. And deservedly so: Her portrayal of Judy Garland in the twilight of her too-short life goes beyond impersonation, perfectly capturing Garland while movingly tapping into Zellweger’s own experiences with Hollywood and the press. Still, we have to admit the Academy’s choice to ignore both&nbsp;of the jaw-dropping performances Lupita Nyong’o gave us in Jordan Peele’s Us&nbsp;still has us upset.Best Supporting Actor(Photo by © Columbia Pictures)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Brad Pitt&nbsp;– Once Upon a Time In Hollywood (2019)  85%Who&nbsp;should win?Brad Pitt. At this point, we just wanna know what he’s gonna say when he wins. (Maybe he will even let us know who has been writing his witty self-deprecating acceptance speeches all season.)Best Supporting Actress(Photo by © Netflix)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Laura Dern – Marriage Story (2019)  94%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Throughout the season, Dern has been quietly reminding us that she is truly one of Hollywood’s own – daughter to screen legends Bruce Dern and Diane Ladd – and an Oscar win has been her dream for as long as she can remember. Hollywood royalty, a seat on The Academy’s Board of Governors, and a case full of Supporting Actress trophies gives&nbsp;no one – not even double nominee Scarlett Johansson – any chance to cause an upset. Still,&nbsp;as we are just days removed from her Hustlers–inspired Super Bowl performance, let us say&nbsp;for one last time this season: “Justice for J-Lo.”Best Director(Photo by Francois Duhamel / © Universal Pictures)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Sam Mendes&nbsp;– 1917 (2020)  89%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Bong Joon-ho for&nbsp;Parasite. In a heated debate, the RT staff members who backed Parasite were narrowly defeated by the votes for Sam Mendes and 1917&nbsp;when it came to the question of who was most likely to win.&nbsp;We eventually&nbsp;agreed that with a DGA, BAFTA, and Golden Globe win, Mendes is probably going to take home the prize, and while both men are deserving,&nbsp;most in the room felt&nbsp;South Korean director Joon-ho should win for his genre-bending masterpiece.Best Original Screenplay(Photo by Andrew Cooper / © Columbia Pictures / courtesy Everett Collection)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Quentin Tarantino – Once Upon a Time In Hollywood (2019)  85%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Bong Joon-ho and Han Jin-won for&nbsp;Parasite.&nbsp;The South Korean flick was the ‘heart’ pick for most of us when we deliberated, and Tarantino’s epic was the ‘head’ pick.&nbsp;We questioned ourselves after&nbsp;Parasite&nbsp;won at the WGAs and BAFTAs this weekend, but&nbsp;ultimately stuck with our&nbsp;original bet on Tarantino. Last year, the BAFTAs picked The Favourite,&nbsp;the WGAs honored&nbsp;Eighth Grade,&nbsp;and then&nbsp;Green Book won the Oscar – so this year’s contest is still very much in the air in our opinion.&nbsp;Plus,&nbsp;Once Upon a Time in Hollywood was deemed ineligible at the WGAs, and we know that Hollywood loves to honor nothing more than stories about itself.Best Adapted Screenplay(Photo by Bryan Beasley)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Taika Waititi – Jojo Rabbit (2019)  80%Who&nbsp;should win?Waititi for&nbsp;Jojo Rabbit. For Adapted Screenplay, the WGAs and BAFTAs did affect our final pick. During our initial deliberations prior to those awards, we chose Greta Gerwig’s adaptation of Little Women&nbsp;as the most likely winner in this category. But after that film was beaten out by Waititi’s&nbsp;anti-hate satire&nbsp;at both ceremonies this weekend,&nbsp;we think the safe money is on&nbsp;Jojo Rabbit.Animated FeatureWho&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Toy Story 4 (2019)  97%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?I Lost My Body is&nbsp;a daring piece of animation, and Klaus won big at the Annie Awards – and won the BAFTA –&nbsp;but&nbsp;Pixar&nbsp;is rarely beaten&nbsp;in this category, so we’re confident the latest installment in the Toy Story&nbsp;franchise will be victorious.Documentary Feature(Photo by Steven Bognar / © Netflix / courtesy Everett Collection)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?American Factory (2019)  96%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Apollo 11, the perceived frontrunner when it made the Oscar documentary shortlist, probably should have been nominated and won this category for the technical achievement alone, but sadly it did not garner a nomination. Without Apollo 11, the Obama-produced American Factory is now the one to beat and our pick to take it all on Oscar night.International Feature Film(Photo by © Neon)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Parasite (Gisaengchung) (2019)  98%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Parasite. Do we need to say more? We all love Pain &amp; Glory and Les Miserables, but nothing is keeping Parasite, the only&nbsp;foreign-language film nominated for Best Picture, from winning this one.Original Score(Photo by Niko Tavernise/© 2019 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Hildur Guðnadóttir – Joker (2019)  68%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Joker&nbsp;will and should win. In a rare move, Hildur Guðnadóttir composed the score in pre-production and it was actually played on set during shooting.&nbsp;It is also just deeply haunting and fits seamlessly with Todd Phillips’ and Joaquin Phoenix’s&nbsp;story of self-discovery and descent.Original Song(Photo by © Paramount)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?“(I’m Gonna) Love Me Again” – Rocketman (2019)  89%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?We would have loved to see Wild Rose‘s Jessie Buckley perform the Mary Steenburgen-penned “Glasgow (No Place Like Home)” at the Oscars – yes, Steenburgen wrote the song! – but it didn’t make the list of five nominees. Elton John and Bernie Taupin’s new song for Rocketman, “(I’m Gonna) Love Me Again,” is the one we think should and will win next Sunday. It’s racked up a number of awards already, gives the Academy the chance to honor the largely snubbed Rocketman, and, well, all those years of hosting Oscar parties are surely set to pay off for Elton, right?Sound Editing(Photo by © Universal)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Oliver Tarney and Rachael Tate – 1917 (2020)  89%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?The precise sound effects of 1917&nbsp;work with the incredible cinematography of Roger Deakins to plunge audiences in the trenches,&nbsp;and that’s why it’s our pick for the one that should and will win in this category.Sound Mixing(Photo by © Twentieth Century Fox)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Paul Massey, David Giammarco, and Steven A. Morrow – Ford v Ferrari (2019)  92%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Ford v. Ferrari.&nbsp;If the precise sound editing of 1917&nbsp;puts you in the trenches of WWI, the sound work on&nbsp;Ford v. Ferrari&nbsp;places you squarely in the driver’s seat for some epic F1 racing. We’re predicting a split ticket in the sound awards so the Academy can allow itself to honor both films for their incredible sonic achievements.Makeup and Hairstyling(Photo by © Lionsgate)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Kazu Kiro, Anne Morgan, and Vivian Baker – Bombshell (2019)  68%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Ever since Charlize Theron emerged from the elevator in the trailer for Bombshell looking eerily like former Fox News host Megyn Kelley, we have had the film down as our pick for Best Makeup and Hairstyling&nbsp;and nothing – not even Joker’s&nbsp;iconically painted face –&nbsp;has changed our opinions since. It will and&nbsp;should&nbsp;win.Costume Design(Photo by © Sony Pictures)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Jacqueline Durran – Little Women (2019)  95%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Mayes C. Rubeo for Jojo Rabbit.&nbsp;Corseted dramas usually top all other costumed contenders at the Oscars, making Little Women an easy pick to win, but Jojo Rabbit’s colorful take on WWII Germany is a fashion wonder&nbsp;that&nbsp;many during our deliberations felt was just as worthy of the gold.CinematographyWho&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Roger Deakins – 1917 (2020)  89%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Roger Deakins is a god of cinematography at this point and was long overdue for an Oscar when he won for Blade Runner:2049. If you want to know why he should and will win for 1917, just check out our extended interview with Deakins above, in which he breaks down his craft and&nbsp;the challenges he faced while shooting Mendes’ film.Production Design(Photo by Andrew Cooper / © Columbia Pictures)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Barbara Ling, Nancy Haigh – Once Upon a Time In Hollywood (2019)  85%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Production designer Barbara Ling and Quentin Tarantino managed to shut down&nbsp;Hollywood Boulevard for several hours while shooting&nbsp;Once Upon a Time in Hollywood,&nbsp;and we believe that enviable boast alone will secure their win here. However, the incredibly detailed production design for Parasite – the central home was constructed for the film, as was the squalid apartment and surrounding area the poorer family lives in –&nbsp;had more than a few defenders and is our pick for who should&nbsp;win. It might just cause an upset.Film Editing(Photo by © Neon )Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Yang Jin-mo – Parasite (Gisaengchung) (2019)  98%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Frequent Scorsese collaborator&nbsp;Thelma Schoonmaker clearly put in work to cut Martin Scorsese’s three-and-a-half–hour gangster epic,&nbsp;The Irishman,&nbsp;but the intricate camera work and editing is a huge part of what makes Parasite&nbsp;a masterful piece of cinema. Go back and check out the “TB” sequence if you need further proof.Visual Effects(Photo by © Universal)Who&nbsp;will&nbsp;win?Guillaume Rocheron, Greg Butler, and Dominic Tuohy – 1917 (2020)  89%Who&nbsp;should&nbsp;win?Dan DeLeeuw, Russell Earl, Matt Aitken, and Dan Sudick for&nbsp;Endgame.&nbsp;With over 2,000 visual effects shots and an Oscar-worthy motion-capture performance from Josh Brolin as Thanos,&nbsp;Avengers: Endgame should be the odds-on choice for Best Visual&nbsp;Effects, but we are betting the Academy’s love for 1917′s imperceptible VFX will give it the edge. Perhaps one day The Academy will choose to honor motion-capture or stunt performances in their own categories.The ShortsFor this section we relied on the truly obsessive members of our staff who have seen all (or most) of the shorts. These are their picks and likely your&nbsp;best bet if you haven’t seen any of them.Documentary Short –&nbsp;Learning to Skateboard in a Warzone (If You’re a Girl)Short Film (Live Action) – The&nbsp;Neighbor’s WindowShort Film (Animated) –&nbsp;Hair Love&nbsp;The 92nd annual Academy Awards&nbsp;will be presented Sunday, February 9, at 5pm PST / 8pm EST.Are you as obsessed with awards as we are? Check out our Awards Leaderboard for 2019/2020.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Network, laika, Channel, 21st, cancelled, spinoff, Arts, adaptation, comiccon, song, &, Tubi, Cosplay, Syfy, National","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"rotten-tomatoes-predicts-the-2020-oscar-winners-our-final-picks-for-the-92nd-academy-awards"},{"id":"47612333588700","title":"Wolfwalkers Demonstrates Why Cartoon Saloon is Studio Ghibli’s True Successor","content":"Hear Us Outvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Wolfwalkers Demonstrates Why Cartoon Saloon is Studio Ghibli's True SuccessorThe Irish studio's unique style, mature storytelling, and emphasis on folklore and myth make it a spiritual cousin to the iconic Japanese animation house.by Rafael Motamayor | December 22, 2020 |  CommentsStudio Ghibli is arguably the most recognizable and beloved animated studio outside of Disney/Pixar, one that has proven time and time again that animation is more than just entertainment aimed at kids thanks to critically acclaimed movies that challenge what you can do in the medium. So it’s easy to understand, then, that the moment one of the studio’s main directors, Hayao Miyazaki decided to retire (the first time), fans around the world&nbsp;began searching for a successor.&nbsp;Rather than a studio,&nbsp;could it be an auteur like Mamoru Hosoda (Summer Wars, Mirai) or Makoto Shinkai (Your Name, Weathering with You)? Would it be a studio founded by former Ghibli employees like Studio Ponoc, makers of 2018’s Mary and the Witch’s Flower?It might, in fact, be none of the above. In truth, the animation studio that best captures the magic of Studio Ghibli and the themes they explore, all while carving out an identity and space in the industry of its own, is Cartoon Saloon.&nbsp;The&nbsp;Irish studio founded in 1999 has earned Academy Awards nominations for every single feature film it’s produced, and all of them are Certified Fresh at 90% or above on the Tomatometer.&nbsp;Its latest offering, Wolfwalkers, is being called the best animated film of the year by several critics, and it demonstrates why Cartoon Saloon’s unique blend of traditional animation and folklore make it the true successor to Studio Ghibli.Their Films Deal with Folklore and Myth(Photo by ©Apple TV+)You don’t need to be familiar with yōkai or kodama to appreciate&nbsp;Princess Mononoke, and you certainly don’t need to know what a tanuki is in order to enjoy Pom Poko, but with both, you certainly do get the feeling that you’re watching a movie that’s deeply rooted in Japanese culture. Hayao Miyazaki and the people at Studio Ghibli don’t really adapt specific folktales the way Disney does, but they add creatures and beliefs as flavor to deepen the story and the cultural context. My Neighbor Totoro’s titular character may not be based on any&nbsp;specific creature of lore, but he is still instantly recognizable as an uniquely Japanese being.The movies of Cartoon Saloon aren’t direct adaptations of any particular tales either, but they incorporate folkloric creatures and beliefs. Wolfwalkers takes its central concept from old myths about natives of the Kilkenny region in Ireland being able to transform into wolves while their bodies lie in a sort of trance, while Song of the Sea&nbsp;is about selkies, or humans that could transform into seals. These two movies, as well as the studio’s feature debut The Secret of Kells, make up an unofficial trilogy about Irish folklore, using legends and myths to tell fantastical stories about the conflict that arises when belief and tradition are threatened or abandoned.Even if The Secret of Kells and Wolfwalkers are period pieces steeped in important moments of Irish history, there is a universality to their stories. You don’t need to know about Oliver Cromwell’s conquest of Ireland to understand Wolfwalkers’ central conflict and how it affects its main character’s relationship with her father — who works for Cromwell himself. But it does add some context that grounds the film in a real place and a real moment in time.They Explore Humanity’s Relationship with&nbsp;Nature(Photo by Cartoon Saloon)As evident even in their earliest films, a big part of Ghibli movies&nbsp;is the focus on humanity’s fragile relationship with the environment and the struggle between nature and industrial progress. Miyazaki’s films in particular often explore how technology causes people to drift away from their cultural traditions while factories damage the land they live on. Perhaps the most obvious example of this is Princess Mononoke, a movie all about nature fighting back when humans start burning down forests to expand their towns and their industry.Song of the Sea is partially about a Celtic goddess who threatens to destroy the world, but director Tomm Moore uses that as a starting point to tell a story about what happens when people&nbsp;begin to lose their cultural identity. Like many a Miyazaki film, Song of the Sea depicts the city as an oppressive, dirty place that drowns the freedom of the country and its children as the ones&nbsp;who are best suited carry on the country’s cultural heritage while the city’s inhabitants forget about it.Wolfwalkers definitely takes some pointers from Princess Mononoke in its central conflict — a group of humans who set out to kill every wolf in the nearby woods&nbsp;— except the “nature vs. industry” conflict is used as an allegory for the Cromwellian ideal of taming the wild Irish lands and burning down traditions to replace them with English principles.&nbsp;As with Song of the Sea, the distinction between the city and the country informs the visual style as well. Kilkenny and its walls are drawn with geometric rigidity, and it almost resembles a prison&nbsp;as it looms in the background — just like the city cars in Song of the Sea, which only serve to spew black smoke and&nbsp;narrowly avoid hitting&nbsp;innocent children. Meanwhile, the art style of the woods, trees, and wolf of the forest are more sketched-out, with traditional Celtic spiral pattens to show the wolves haven’t been tamed, for they represent the “real” cultural Ireland.Their Visual Styles are Exquisite and Unique(Photo by ©Apple TV+)As a studio grows and its films become more popular, a visual style is bound to emerge. Anyone can recognize Disney’s particular trademarks, just as all of Pixar films take on a similar visual language. Studio Ghibli’s films are instantly recognizable too, and yet they all feel and look incredibly different from each other. This balance between versatility and recognizability is the key to Cartoon Saloon.The Irish studio’s unique visual style appears in every one of their movies, which feel like they belong in a strange sort of multiverse. At a time when CG animation is everywhere, Cartoon Saloon’s style feels defiant and stunning, but each of their films feels&nbsp;distinct from one another, as they try to capture the aesthetic of their subject matter.&nbsp;The Secret of Kells&nbsp;feels like an illustrated picture book to&nbsp;mimic the illuminated Christian tome that gives it its name, whereas&nbsp;The Breadwinner&nbsp;looks and feels distinctly like Afghan art, and&nbsp;Wolfwalkers&nbsp;pays homage to the wood-cut illustrations of the 1600s. By now, you know how to recognize a Cartoon Saloon film, but they always manage to offer some surprises, too.They&nbsp;Aren’t Afraid of the Dark(Photo by ©Apple TV+)Though animation has a bit of a reputation for being kids’ entertainment in the West, Studio Ghibli is a perfect example of why this is entirely untrue. Not only do their more kid-friendly movies like Kiki’s Delivery Service tackle deeper and darker subjects like depression, but no one would dare call Grave of the Fireflies — a movie about two kids trying to survive in Japan during WWII — a kids movie.Similarly, Cartoon Saloon’s movies are certainly entertainment made for broader audiences, but they also often go to darker places. The studio’s debut film, The Secret of Kells deals with an incoming Viking invasion, and Song of the Sea‘s main theme is grief and loss, but they are still stories being told through the eyes of kids. The protagonist of Wolfwalkers is literally hunted by her father at one point, but it’s The Breadwinner, the studio’s third feature, that best exemplifies their diversity in storytelling. The film follows a young Afghan girl posing as a boy to help her family survive after her father is imprisoned as a dissident by the ruling Taliban. This film is clearly aimed at a slightly older audience — hence its PG-13 rating — as it explores a more mature subject matter in its war-torn world, and even the colors are more naturalistic compared to the rest of the studio’s filmography.They Entrust the Future to Children(Photo by ©Apple TV+)It’s not only that Cartoon Saloon’s movies can get dark, it’s that the worlds of the films feel like they’re approaching a cataclysmic ending, even as they somehow remain optimistic about the future.A village is threatened by Vikings coming to destroy it; a little girl is engulfed in a war; a sea deity wants to turn the world to stone; the new people in charge want to burn the forest down. There’s a sense of urgency and doom looming large over each of Cartoon Saloon’s feature films, brought upon by the hubris of man — a theme the studio shares with Ghibli. Hayao Miyazaki’s movies in particular often deal with the error of trusting mankind to treat the world with respect. And yet, both studios seem to deeply trust their young protagonists and believe that children are the ones who will save the Earth. Parvana faces horrible, horrible things in The Breadwinner, but in her own small way, she wins in the end. War and evil will continue and people will still reject wolves and nature, but at least the children will be all right and grow up to do incredible things, hopefully with the lessons they’ve learned throughout their journeys in both Studio Ghibli’s and Cartoon Saloon’s films firmly rooted in their hearts.Wolfwalkers&nbsp;debuted on November 13, 2020 and is currently available to&nbsp;stream on Apple TV+.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"screen, book, dark, king, motion, mission:, song, of, Worst, america, deadpool, DGA","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"wolfwalkers-demonstrates-why-cartoon-saloon-is-studio-ghiblis-true-successor"},{"id":"47508728428753","title":"All Viggo Mortensen Movies Ranked","content":"(Photo by New Line/courtesy Everett Collection)All&nbsp;Viggo Mortensen Movies RankedViggo: Renaissance man. He’s a poet. He’s a photographer. He’s a horse whisperer. He’s a book publisher. He’s an ethnographer. And did you know he’s also a movie star? Let’s hope so because we’re about to rank all his films by Tomatometer!Mortensen will forever be associated with his role in the Lord of the Rings trilogy. As Aragorn, the man who would be king, he brought steely empathy as a noble human among orcs, elves, talking trees and a variety of creatures in the biggest movie fantasy epic ever. Before Rings, his chiseled good looks made him notable in roles that were anything but: Building a house in Witness, getting crushed by debris in Daylight, or playing a reincarnated inmate in Prison. And after Rings, Mortensen has challenged himself with deep, dynamic roles – since all his other hobbies keep him plenty busy. Check him out as literally The Man in The Road, nude brawler in Eastern Promises, or a survivalist dad in Captain Fantastic. And now with all his movies with a Tomatometer in one place, it’s easier than ever to Viggo the distance.#38Fresh Horses (1988) 0%#38Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Fresh Horses features Molly Ringwald as Jewel, a Kentucky shanty gal. Jewel finds herself romantically involved with wealthy University of... [More]Starring: Andrew McCarthy, Molly Ringwald, Patti D'Arbanville, Ben StillerDirected By: David Anspaugh#37The Passion of Darkly Noon (1995) 44%#37Adjusted Score: 29.972% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In this strange European allegory, Young Darkly Noon is first seen stumbling blindly through the forest clutching a bible. He... [More]Starring: Brendan Fraser, Ashley Judd, Viggo Mortensen, Loren DeanDirected By: Philip Ridley#36Boiling Point (1993) 18%#36Adjusted Score: 17.86% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: The boiling point is mighty low in this tepid action programmer. Wesley Snipes plays Jimmy Mercer, a Treasury agent whose... [More]Starring: Wesley Snipes, Dennis Hopper, Lolita Davidovich, Viggo MortensenDirected By: James B. Harris#35Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III (1990) 19%#35Adjusted Score: 19.319% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Another sequel of the cannibal with the human-skin mask.... [More]Starring: Kate Hodge, Ken Foree, Viggo Mortensen, R.A. MihailoffDirected By: Jeff Burr#34Daylight (1996) 27%#34Adjusted Score: 28.758% Critics Consensus: The opening's got a great fiery explosion and Stallone puts in another earnest, sympathetic performance, but all else in Daylight feels designed to annoy the audience into submission.Synopsis: In this disaster/adventure film, a truck containing dangerous chemicals explodes in the Holland Tunnel, trapping those New Yorkers not killed... [More]Starring: Sylvester Stallone, Amy Brenneman, Viggo Mortensen, Dan HedayaDirected By: Rob Cohen#3328 Days (2000) 33%#33Adjusted Score: 35.574% Critics Consensus: Even though 28 Days is tackling a difficult subject, it comes off light and superficial, and maybe even a little preachy.Synopsis: Gwen Cummings is a successful New York writer living life in the fast lane and everyone's favorite party girl. She... [More]Starring: Sandra Bullock, Viggo Mortensen, Dominic West, Elizabeth PerkinsDirected By: Betty Thomas#32Everybody Has a Plan (2013) 34%#32Adjusted Score: 34.382% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: EVERYBODY HAS A PLAN tells the story of Agustín (Mortensen), a man desperate to abandon what for him has become,... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Soledad Villamil, Daniel Fanego, Javier GodinoDirected By: Ana Piterbarg#31Good (2008) 33%#31Adjusted Score: 35.075% Critics Consensus: Though ambitious, Good stumbles in the transition from stage to screen, and Mortensen's performance isn't enough to cover its flaws.Synopsis: John Halder explores his personal circumstances in a novel advocating compassionate euthanasia. When the book is unexpectedly enlisted by powerful... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Jason Isaacs, Jodie Whittaker, Mark Strong (II)Directed By: Vicente Amorim#30The Young Americans (1993) 33%#30Adjusted Score: 17.86% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Harvey Keitel plays John Harris, an American drug enforcement officer who is asked by London police to help them in... [More]Starring: Harvey Keitel, Iain Glen, John Wood, Terence RigbyDirected By: Vernon Layton, Danny Cannon#29Young Guns II (1990) 35%#29Adjusted Score: 35.401% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Only three of the original five \"young guns\" -- Billy the Kid (Emilio Estevez), Jose Chavez y Chavez (Lou Diamond... [More]Starring: Emilio Estevez, William L. Petersen, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond PhillipsDirected By: Geoff Murphy#28Psycho (1998) 39%#28Adjusted Score: 42.94% Critics Consensus: Van Sant's pointless remake neither improves nor illuminates Hitchcock's original.Synopsis: Marion Crane is a Phoenix, Arizona working girl fed up with having to sneak away during lunch breaks to meet... [More]Starring: Anne Heche, Vince Vaughn, Viggo Mortensen, William H. MacyDirected By: Gus Van Sant#27Prison (1988) 40%#27Adjusted Score: 17.423% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In this horror outing, prison inmates are terrified when the corpse of a recently killed prisoner rises up and begins... [More]Starring: Lane Smith, Viggo Mortensen, Chelsea Field, André De ShieldsDirected By: Renny Harlin#26The Portrait of a Lady (1996) 45%#26Adjusted Score: 48.776% Critics Consensus: Beautiful, indulgently heady, and pretentious, The Portrait of a Lady paints Campion's directorial shortcomings in too bright a light.Synopsis: Jane Campion directed this expressive adaptation of the classic novel by Henry James. Isabel Archer (Nicole Kidman) is a young... [More]Starring: Nicole Kidman, John Malkovich, Barbara Hershey, Mary-Louise ParkerDirected By: Jane Campion#25The Prophecy (1995) 43%#25Adjusted Score: 43.741% Critics Consensus: The Prophecy has its moments, but any fantasy thriller starring Christopher Walken as a murderous angel should be a good deal more engaging than this.Synopsis: Tommy Dagget wanted to be a priest, but lost his faith and became a cop instead. He once wrote a... [More]Starring: Christopher Walken, Elias Koteas, Eric Stoltz, Virginia MadsenDirected By: Gregory Widen#24Albino Alligator (1996) 50%#24Adjusted Score: 50.345% Critics Consensus: Matt Dillon's intense performance is the best aspect of Albino Alligator, a mannered thriller that pantomimes the tropes of film noir to phony effect.Synopsis: Dino's Last Chance Bar is a typical, sleepy New Orleans basement dive until the one early morning when three desperate... [More]Starring: Matt Dillon, Faye Dunaway, Gary Sinise, William FichtnerDirected By: Kevin Spacey#23On the Road (2012) 45%#23Adjusted Score: 50.443% Critics Consensus: Beautiful to look at but a bit too respectfully crafted, On the Road doesn't capture the energy and inspiration of Jack Kerouac's novel.Synopsis: Based on Jack Kerouc's beloved American novel, On The Road is the story of Sal Paradise, an aspiring New York... [More]Starring: Garrett Hedlund, Sam Riley, Kristen Stewart, Kirsten DunstDirected By: Walter Salles#22Hidalgo (2004) 46%#22Adjusted Score: 50.431% Critics Consensus: The scenery looks great, but this overstuffed horse story contains too much cheese.Synopsis: Held yearly for centuries, the Ocean of Fire--a 3,000 mile survival race across the Arabian desert--was a challenge restricted to... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Zuleikha Robinson, Omar Sharif, Louise LombardDirected By: Joe Johnston#21G.I. Jane (1997) 51%#21Adjusted Score: 52.506% Critics Consensus: Demi Moore admirably does her duty, but G.I. Jane's well-intentioned message is obscured by stylistic bombast and an overload of jingoism.Synopsis: This surprisingly entertaining action film chronicles the adventures of a woman going through the rigorous training that would make her... [More]Starring: Demi Moore, Viggo Mortensen, Anne Bancroft, Jason BegheDirected By: Ridley Scott#20A Perfect Murder (1998) 57%#20Adjusted Score: 59.4% Critics Consensus: A slick little thriller that relies a bit too much on surprise events to generate suspense.Synopsis: A Perfect Murder is based on Frederick Knott's play Dial M for Murder, filmed by Alfred Hitchcock in 1954. Married... [More]Starring: Michael Douglas, Gwyneth Paltrow, Viggo Mortensen, David SuchetDirected By: Andrew Davis#19A Walk on the Moon (1999) 72%#19Adjusted Score: 72.843% Critics Consensus: An impressive showcase for Diane Lane and an assured debut from director Tony Goldwyn, A Walk on the Moon finds absorbing period drama within a family at a crossroads.Synopsis: Tony Goldwyn's A Walk on the Moon is a wonderfully realized, nostalgic (if you are as old as I am)... [More]Starring: Diane Lane, Viggo Mortensen, Anna Paquin, Liev SchreiberDirected By: Tony Goldwyn#18The Road (2009) 74%#18Adjusted Score: 80.997% Critics Consensus: The Road's commitment to Cormac McCarthy's dark vision may prove too unyielding for some, but the film benefits from hauntingly powerful performances from Viggo Mortensen and Kodi McPhee.Synopsis: \"The Road\" is a post-apocalyptic dramatic thriller about a father and his son walking alone through burned America. Nothing moves... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Charlize Theron, Robert DuvallDirected By: John Hillcoat#17The Indian Runner (1991) 74%#17Adjusted Score: 74.645% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: The Indian Runner, Sean Penn's debut film as director (he also wrote the script, based on the Bruce Springsteen song... [More]Starring: David Morse, Viggo Mortensen, Valeria Golino, Patricia ArquetteDirected By: Sean Penn#16Appaloosa (2008) 76%#16Adjusted Score: 82.004% Critics Consensus: A traditional genre western, Appaloosa sets itself apart with smart psychology, an intriguing love triangle, and good chemistry between the leads.Synopsis: Upon drifting into a troubled Western outpost and discovering that the helpless locals are being terrorized by a ruthless rancher... [More]Starring: Ed Harris, Viggo Mortensen, Renée Zellweger, Jeremy IronsDirected By: Ed Harris#15A Dangerous Method (2011) 78%#15Adjusted Score: 83.807% Critics Consensus: A provocative historical fiction about the early days of psychoanalysis, A Dangerous Method is buoyed by terrific performances by Michael Fassbender, Keira Knightley, and Viggo Mortensen.Synopsis: Seduced by the challenge of an impossible case, the driven Dr. Carl Jung (Michael Fassbender) takes the unbalanced yet beautiful... [More]Starring: Keira Knightley, Viggo Mortensen, Michael Fassbender, Vincent CasselDirected By: David Cronenberg#14Carlito's Way (1993) 82%#14Adjusted Score: 85.42% Critics Consensus: Carlito's Way reunites De Palma and Pacino for a more wistful take on the crime epic, delivering a stylish thriller with a beating heart beneath its pyrotechnic performances and set pieces.Synopsis: Carlito's Way is a tale of a former hood trying to escape his former life. Al Pacino is Carlito Brigante,... [More]Starring: Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Penelope Ann Miller, John LeguizamoDirected By: Brian DePalma#13Captain Fantastic (2016) 82%#13Adjusted Score: 90.744% Critics Consensus: Captain Fantastic's thought-provoking themes -- and an absorbing starring turn from Viggo Mortensen -- add up to an above-average family drama with unexpected twists.Synopsis: Deep in the forests of the Pacific Northwest, isolated from society, a devoted father (Viggo Mortensen) dedicates his life to... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Frank Langella, Kathryn Hahn, Missi PyleDirected By: Matt Ross#12The Two Faces of January (2014) 79%#12Adjusted Score: 83.451% Critics Consensus: With striking visuals, complex characters, and Hitchcockian plot twists, The Two Faces of January offers a pleasantly pungent treat for fans of romantic thrillers.Synopsis: Screenwriter Hossein Amini (The Wings of the Dove, Drive) makes a stylish directing debut with this sleek thriller set in... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Kirsten Dunst, Oscar Isaac, Daisy BevanDirected By: Hossein Amini#11Far from Men (2015) 84%#11Adjusted Score: 84.35% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Algeria, 1954. While the rebellion rumbles in the valley, two very different men thrown together by a world in turmoil... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Reda Kateb, Djemel Barek, Vincent MartinDirected By: David Oelhoffen#10The Reflecting Skin (1990) 88%#10Adjusted Score: 88.319% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Set in a 1950s-era American heartland of sprawling wheat fields and lonely old houses, The Reflecting Skin is British director... [More]Starring: Jeremy Cooper, Viggo Mortensen, Lindsay Duncan, Sheila MooreDirected By: Philip Ridley#9A History of Violence (2005) 87%#9Adjusted Score: 94.379% Critics Consensus: A History of Violence raises compelling and thoughtful questions about the nature of violence, while representing a return to form for director David Cronenberg in one of his more uncharacteristic pieces.Synopsis: Tom Stall is living a happy and quiet life with his lawyer wife and their two children in the small... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Maria Bello, Ed Harris, William HurtDirected By: David Cronenberg#8Crimson Tide (1995) 88%#8Adjusted Score: 90.86% Critics Consensus: Boasting taut, high energy thrills and some cracking dialogue courtesy of an uncredited Quentin Tarantino, Crimson Tide finds director Tony Scott near the top of his action game.Synopsis: Two leaders with different philosophies about battle and leadership wage war with each other in this tense military thriller. Capt.... [More]Starring: Denzel Washington, Gene Hackman, George Dzundza, Viggo MortensenDirected By: Tony Scott#7Eastern Promises (2007) 89%#7Adjusted Score: 95.712% Critics Consensus: David Cronenberg triumphs again, showcasing the Viggo Mortensen's onscreen prowess in a daring performance. Bearing the trademarks of psychological drama and gritty violence, Eastern Promises is a very compelling crime story.Synopsis: Russian-born Nikolai Luzhin is a driver for one of London's most notorious organized crime families of Eastern European origin. The... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Naomi Watts, Vincent Cassel, Armin Mueller-StahlDirected By: David Cronenberg#6Green Book (2018) 77%#6Adjusted Score: 92.484% Critics Consensus: Green Book takes audiences on an excessively smooth ride through bumpy subject matter, although Mahershala Ali and Viggo Mortensen's performances add necessary depth.Synopsis: When Tony Lip (Mortensen), a bouncer from an Italian-American neighborhood in the Bronx, is hired to drive Dr. Don Shirley... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Mahershala Ali, Linda Cardellini, Don StarkDirected By: Peter Farrelly#5Jauja (2015) 88%#5Adjusted Score: 89.869% Critics Consensus: Jauja will prove haunting for those lured in by its deliberate pace and lovely visuals, though it may test some viewers' patience.Synopsis: A remote military outpost in Patagonia, 1882, during the so-called \"Conquest of the Desert\", a genocidal campaign against the aboriginal... [More]Starring: Viggo Mortensen, Ghita Nørby, Viilbjørk Malling Agger, Misael SaavedraDirected By: Lisandro Alonso#4The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) 91%#4Adjusted Score: 99.066% Critics Consensus: Full of eye-popping special effects, and featuring a pitch-perfect cast, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring brings J.R.R. Tolkien's classic to vivid life.Synopsis: Assisted by a Fellowship of heroes, Frodo Baggins plunges into a perilous trek to take the mystical One Ring to... [More]Starring: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen, Liv TylerDirected By: Peter Jackson#3Witness (1985) 93%#3Adjusted Score: 95.569% Critics Consensus: A wonderfully entertaining thriller within an unusual setting, with Harrison Ford delivering a surprisingly emotive and sympathetic performance.Synopsis: In Peter Weir's thriller Witness, Samuel (Lukas Haas), a young Amish boy, witnesses a murder in the restroom of a... [More]Starring: Harrison Ford, Kelly McGillis, Lukas Haas, Danny GloverDirected By: Peter Weir#2The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003) 93%#2Adjusted Score: 101.251% Critics Consensus: Visually breathtaking and emotionally powerful, The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is a moving and satisfying conclusion to a great trilogy.Synopsis: The final battle for Middle-earth begins. Frodo and Sam, led by Gollum, continue their dangerous mission toward the fires of... [More]Starring: Elijah Wood, Sean Astin, Ian McKellen, Andy SerkisDirected By: Peter Jackson#1The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) 95%#1Adjusted Score: 102.536% Critics Consensus: The Two Towers balances spectacular action with emotional storytelling, leaving audiences both wholly satisfied and eager for the final chapter.Synopsis: Frodo and Samwise press on toward Mordor. Gollum insists on being the guide. Can anyone so corrupted by the ring... [More]Starring: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen, Sean AstinDirected By: Peter Jackson","section":"Countdown","tags":"SDCC, Star, docudrama, indiana, Con, monster, Day, APB, Endgame","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/14170343/600Viggo.jpg","slug":"all-viggo-mortensen-movies-ranked"},{"id":"47508865840609","title":"Five Favorite Films with Jean Reno","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Five Favorite Films with Jean RenoThe international stars shares his influences.by Alex Vo | February 2, 2009 |  CommentsAmerican audiences who know Jean Reno strictly from Luc Besson productions(The Professional, Nikita, The Big Blue, Wasabi) andsmart action blockbusters (Ronin, Mission: Impossible, TheCrimson Rivers) will be surprised how little ass-kicking he does in his roleas Ponton in The Pink Panther 2, opening this Friday. As family manpartner to eternal-bumbler Inspector Clouseau (Steve Martin), Reno’s characteris indeed one of the few to escape the mystery without slipping, falling, orcrashing into solid objects. But it’s representative of Reno’s career, a variedbody of work that frequently crosses over into video games, French slapstick,and romantic comedies that is rarely seen in the States. RT spoke with Renorecently to get his Five Favorite Films.ApocalypseNow (1979, 98% Tomatometer)It’s like a surge of intimacy of human beings, you know? It is spectacular. It is well done, a lot of actors, and I like very much Coppola as a director. I like the performance of the main role, the guy…he had a heart attack. I don’t remember his name. Martin Sheen. I almost said Martin Short. [laughs] I like also the performance of Marlon Brando. I like it very much, that movie.Taxi Driver (1979,100% Tomatometer)It was a shock, a real shock. The acting was so sincere, so honest. Brilliant performances from everybody, from Robert DeNiro and Jodie Foster. There are always good moments in the movie business, but that was a very intense moment in the American cinema. It was amazing to see those movies.Life is Beautiful (1998, 77% Tomatometer)A movie I like very much by Roberto Benigni. It’s a way of talking about a very serious matter through a comic form. A touching form. That was a new way of speaking of a moment in the history of humanity. Very painful.[Having worked with him on The Tiger and the Snow], Benigni is somebody who [writes] the script and he is somebody who [interprets] the script, but he will let you very free. He is not a dictator. Basically, he is a poet. Somebody who sees the world through his own eyes in a poetic way. [The Tiger and the Snow] is a movie I like because he wanted to talk about the war through his eyes, and it is a very honest movie. Very.Il Sorpasso (1954, Tomatometer N/A)Italian, a black-and-white movie. If you go to the internet, you can find it. Dino Risi movie, with Vittorio Gassman acting in it. And a French actor named Jean-Louis Trintignant. It is about somebody who is pretentious, who’s always speaking [loudly], always speaking about himself. And somebody in front who is shy. The story is about changing personality, and the moral of the story is, “If you want to change your personality, change with your own rhythm. Don’t try to imitate people.”[This was] reality because so many people try to imitate things that they have seen without any reasons inside themselves. They just want to imitate because they have seen that on screen or in a book. Instead of following their own rhythm, their own needs. I still remember that… long time ago. 30 yearsago.Beauty and the Beast (1946, 95% Tomatometer)Cocteau, black-and-white, with Jean Marais. That was [a] way of telling stories…very, very [strangely]. I was very shocked because everything [becomes] possible [when] you can present your story in a poetic way. And the voice of the actor…When you are young, you understand [here] that even if you are not handsome, you can find love, because the girl loved the beast. [chuckles] It came maybe from my fears when I was young, not to find a girl, not to seduce. You know what I mean?The PinkPanther 2 opens in wide release February 6, 2009.Click here for a full synopsis, photo gallery and trailers.Want more Five Favorite Films? Check out previous installments with Ernest Borgnine, Mickey Rourke, Danny Boyle, and James Franco.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"sitcom, Pet, Drama, 71st, transformers, Baby, Film, doctor, Fresh, new, documentaries, and, japanese","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/JeanReno.jpg","slug":"five-favorite-films-with-jean-reno"},{"id":"47617752116684","title":"UK Critics Consensus: Rocknrolla Rocks, Disaster Movie = Movie Disaster","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Quiz","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"uk-critics-consensus-rocknrolla-rocks-disaster-movie-=-movie-disaster"},{"id":"47509127284556","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Twilight Tops Turkey Frame, Muppets &amp; Marty Solid","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Twilight Tops Turkey Frame, Muppets &amp; Marty Solidby Gitesh Pandya | November 28, 2011 |  CommentsA hot leftover ruled the Thanksgiving holiday frame despite the opening of three new dishes all aimed at kids and families. The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1 tumbled 70% in its second weekend but still sold enough tickets to lead the competition with an estimated $42M over the Friday-to-Sunday period. Across the five-day Wednesday-to-Sunday session, the Summit blockbuster pulled in $62.3M bringing the ten-day total to a stellar $221.3M. The drop was identical to the decline that New Moon suffered two years ago on the same weekend. The latest Bella-Edward story is running 4% behind the domestic pace of New Moon which is not bad for the fourth film in a series. But thanks to an accelerated global release schedule, Breaking Dawn‘s current international cume of $268M (including $71.5M this weekend) is 10% ahead of New Moon’s at the same point in time. Worldwide, the new saga’s $489.3M is 3% ahead of Moon which ended its run with $713M.A six-pack of PG-rated films filled up most of the next seven slots as studios all jumped in hoping to grab the attention of families over the long weekend. The marketplace expands over the Thanksgiving frame, but with a flood of product all aiming for the same ticket buyers, not all films survived.Leading the way with a terrific opening was Disney’s The Muppets which debuted in second place with an estimated $29.5M over the Friday-to-Sunday period and $42M over the five-day holiday session starting Wednesday. The critically acclaimed film about the popular puppet group reuniting in order to save their studio averaged a fantastic $8,576 from 3,440 locations over the three-day period and is well-positioned for the rest of the holiday season. Reviews were outstanding and audiences put their thumbs up too as Muppets earned an encouraging A CinemaScore grade which bodes well for word-of-mouth. The numbers were especially impressive given that there were no boosts from 3D or IMAX. Also of note was the film’s low reported production cost of only $45M. An extensive and unorthodox marketing push helped Muppets reach a broad spectrum of audiences including kids and adults that remembered the classic television series.Suffering the worst decline of any holdover in the top ten, the 3D penguin toon Happy Feet Two dropped 37% to an estimated $13.4M and got hit hard by all the new choices for families. By comparison, Thanksgiving weekend drops for recent holdover kidpics were 22% for last year’s Megamind, 17% for 2009’s Planet 51, 9% for the 2008 sequel Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, and 11% for the first Happy Feet in 2006. The sequel has grossed $43.8M in its first ten days trailing its predecessor by a troubling 56% despite having five years of ticket price increases plus 3D surcharges. Looking at admissions, the new installment has only sold about one-third as many tickets over the same time period. A genuine lack of excitement coupled with bad reviews led to a soft debut and now lukewarm buzz and a wide selection of other options for the target audience has led to moviegoers going elsewhere for their family fun. The road ahead seems grim.Also suffering from an overcrowded marketplace for kidpics was the yuletide toon Arthur Christmas which bowed to an estimated $12.7M from 3,376 sites for a weak $3,762 average. Over five days the Sony release collected $17M and had to deal with rival family films. In fact, the frame’s two other new wide releases Muppets and Hugo each generated a per-theater average that was more than twice as big as Arthur‘s. However, the road ahead looks rosy for a number of reasons. Reviews were terrific, audience feedback was good with the CinemaScore grade being an A-, and the Christmas storyline will only become more relevant in the coming weeks.Yuletide kidpics opening in November typically enjoy good legs for weeks while collapsing after December 25. Arthur could patiently sit in multiplexes and reach audiences once they’ve already seen the more high-profile offerings like Muppets. Studio research showed that 59% of the crowd was female while 69% was 25 and older. Sony projected an aggressive Sunday gross estimating the day will dip only 28% from Saturday. All other films in the top ten estimated Saturday-to-Sunday declines of 42-52%. A British production, Arthur Christmas has already been taking in sales overseas and grossed an estimated $11.9M this weekend from 24 territories for an international total of $22.3M (including $12.7M from the U.K.) and a worldwide take so far of $39.3M.Martin Scorsese opened his latest film Hugo in fifth place with an estimated $11.4M over three days and a five-day score of $15.4M. It was a strong showing for a film only playing in 1,277 locations as the three-day average of $8,888 was quite impressive. The 3D period film was loved by film critics and despite a slow start with just $1.7M on Wednesday, grew over time thanks to solid buzz to post a fantastic showing over the long weekend as it had to compete with so many other PG-rated films aimed at families. The Oscar winner’s first 3D film made remarkable use of the format which moviegoers also responded to as 76% of the gross came from 3D screens. Hugo‘s good word-of-mouth could help keep it going over the weeks ahead, although profitability will take time given the enormous budget of the effects-filled picture reported to be north of $150M.Adam Sandler’s Jack and Jill followed with an estimated $10.3M, off only 12%, for a $57.4M cume for Sony. Relativity’s adventure film Immortals dropped 29% to an estimated $8.8M boosting the 17-day total to $68.6M.The 3D toon Puss in Boots fell 31% to an estimated $7.5M and has collected $135.4M after its fifth weekend of play. Add in overseas sales of $61.7M and the cat flick has reached $197M worldwide. Universal enjoyed a 3% uptick for its action-comedy Tower Heist which took in an estimated $7.3M for a $65.4M domestic total. The global tally reached the century club with $36.1M from international territories for a worldwide sum of $101.5M.The George Clooney awards contender The Descendants pulled off a successful expansion widening from 29 sites last weekend to 433 locations over the holiday frame resulting in an estimated three-day gross of $7.2M for a sizzling $16,628 average. Fox Searchlight has banked $10.7M so far and has lots more to go with glowing reviews and positive word-of-mouth sparking more interest. With no real direct competition in the top ten for sophisticated adults, Descendants connected with its target crowd and hopes to win over broader appeal. The film had a planned expansion for December 9 but will now widen a week earlier, this Friday, given the solid demand from theaters in numerous markets that want to open the picture right away.Fox got some strong buzz going for its Cameron Crowe drama We Bought a Zoo starring Matt Damon thanks to roughly 800 sneak previews on Saturday. The studio reported sell outs in all types of markets throughout the heartland and the coasts with an average capacity of 70-75%. The PG-rated film skewed towards adult women with females making up 57% of the crowd and 65% being 25 and older. An incredibly high 95% of those polled rated the film as “excellent” or “very good” so positive feedback is already building. Zoo still has a long way to go until its opening weekend as it debuts over a crowded Christmas frame on December 23 when there will be an overabundance of product playing to mature adults.The Michelle Williams film My Week With Marilyn, which has been attracting plenty of Oscar buzz for the actress, debuted outside of the top ten in moderate limited release and saw respectable, though not outstanding, results. The Weinstein Co. release bowed to an estimated $1.8M in 244 theaters for a three-day average of $7,266. The five-day cume since opening on Wednesday was $2.1M. Reviews have been generally good for the film, but exceptional for Williams’ performance as Marilyn Monroe. The opening coincided with the expansion of The Descendants which played to much of the same crowd so competition was a factor.The distributor also opened another film this weekend, the silent movie saga The Artist, which enjoyed an explosive platform debut with an estimated $210,000 from four houses for a scorching $52,500 average. The PG-13 film earned glowing reviews across the board from critics. David Cronenberg’s latest A Dangerous Method also debuted in four locations and grossed an estimated $182,000 for a muscular $45,500 average for Sony Classics. Both films will slowly widen their runs in December.The top ten films grossed an estimated $150M which was down 11% from last year’s Thanksgiving holiday when Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 stayed in the top spot with $49.1M; and down 13% from 2009 when The Twilight Saga: New Moon remained at number one with $42.9M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Video","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Twilight-Tops-Turkey-Frame-Muppets-and-Marty-Solid"},{"id":"47509072093486","title":"Video Interviews: Cast of Ender’s Game","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video Interviews: Cast of Ender's GameHarrison Ford, Viola Davis, Asa Butterfield, &amp; Hailee Steinfeldby Grae Drake | October 30, 2013 |  CommentsInternational Editor Luke Goodsell chats up the cast of Ender’s Game to find out how they got involved with this long-awaited adaptation, and whether or not they dared call Harrison Ford “Han Solo” to his face.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Amazon","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-interviews-cast-of-enders-game"},{"id":"47509015857991","title":"Video: Aubrey Joseph and Olivia Holt Discuss Their Characters’ Dangerous Connection in Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Aubrey Joseph and Olivia Holt Discuss Their Characters' Dangerous Connection in Marvel's Cloak &amp; DaggerSome young couples have geometry class or a love of dogs in common. This one has mutant abilities.by RT Staff | May 24, 2018 |  CommentsAubrey Joseph and Olivia Holt, a.k.a. “Cloak” and “Dagger” of&nbsp;the upcoming series Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger, talk about fans who “ship” them and discuss what their characters’ couple name would be: Does “Tyrone” + “Tandy” = “Tyndy”? Or is “Clogger” the better option? The series stars also&nbsp;tell Rotten Tomatoes contributor Jacqueline Coley about&nbsp;acting in Freeform’s new Marvel-superhero teen drama, undertaking dangerous relationships, and tweeting like the world is one big high school.About the Show:&nbsp;Two teens from vastly different backgrounds find they have complementary mutant abilities.&nbsp;Tandy Bowen (Holt) can create light daggers, and&nbsp;Tyrone Johnson (Joseph) can engulf others in darkness. As they discover their powers and each other, they learn how they’re connected and the benefits of their special connection.Tomatometer: Fresh at 100% (5 reviews)Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger premieres&nbsp;June 7 at 8 p.m. on Freeform.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"travel, technology, TV, talk, name, critics, dragons, Superheroes, service, cops, movies, Thanksgiving, australia","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/24141552/Cloak-and-Dagger-Olivia-Holt-600x314.jpg","slug":"marvels-cloak-and-dagger-stars-aubrey-joseph-and-olivia-holt-talk-about-characters-dangerous-connection"},{"id":"47509050775685","title":"Video: Co-stars Say Danny Glover Is a Light Sleeper","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Co-stars Say Danny Glover Is a Light Sleeperby Grae Drake | November 13, 2014 |  CommentsBeyond the Lights stars Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Nate Parker as young lovers caught up in a world that they find is sometimes out of their control. Mbatha-Raw confesses the challenges she had changing her appearance so drastically, and Parker then shares how his movie father Danny Glover spent his breaks.Watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"dogs, cars","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-co-stars-say-danny-glover-is-a-light-sleeper"},{"id":"47508652750382","title":"150 Essential Comedy Movies To Watch Now","content":"150 Essential Comedy Movies To Watch NowWhat makes a comedy a classic? Something that&nbsp;floats on the changing tides of time and taste, remaining relevant – and hilarious? It probably takes more than a football to the groin or a juiced-up fart on the audio track. (Though we’re not not saying those can sometimes be the pinnacle of professional-grade jokes.) We don’t have the answer, but with our Essential list assembling 150 of the best comedies ever made, we’re getting closer to laugh-out-loud enlightenment than humanly thought possible. We’re melting minds, splitting sides, and slapping knees here.To that end, we’ve included all forms of the comedy movie. From slapstick (Dumb &amp; Dumber, It’s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World) to silent (The General, Modern Times). Rom-coms (Moonstruck, Annie Hall) to screwball (It Happened One Night, Bringing Up Baby). Parody (Airplane!, Scary Movie) to postmodern (Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Galaxy Quest). These 150 movies will take you to college (Animal House), past some fan favorites&nbsp;(Step Brothers, Super Troopers),&nbsp;and&nbsp;all around the globe&nbsp;(Kung Fu Hustle, Amelie).There’s no minimum review count for this list.&nbsp;We opened it up to movies of yesteryear, which&nbsp;typically don’t&nbsp;get as many reviews as their modern comedy rivals. Many of these inducted films have high Tomatometer scores and are Certified Fresh, but the Tomatometer was not our only guide. Some comedies that stand the test of time did not necessarily pass the critical test on release, and we’re honoring those here. These are not the&nbsp;best-reviewed&nbsp;comedy films ever released, but they are the&nbsp;essential&nbsp;comedies, movies that broke the Laugh-O-Meter – we’ll totally trademark that soon,&nbsp;so dibs&nbsp;– shaped&nbsp;the genre, molded&nbsp;generations, and which audiences return to time and again, to lift the spirits.And with our most recent updates, we’ve added the latest and greatest in new funny movies (Booksmart, Blockers, Game Night), and some more comedy classics that have definitely earned their place in the pantheon of guffaws (Four Weddings and a Funeral, Harold &amp; Maude).Ready to whip out your funny bone and bash it violently on the nearest flat surface? Then you’re ready for our list of the best comedy movies ever: Rotten Tomatoes’ 150 Essential Comedies!#150Hot Rod (2007) 39%#150Adjusted Score: 42.566% Critics Consensus: Hot Rod has brazen silliness and a few humorous set pieces on its side, but it's far too inconsistent to satisfy all but the least demanding slapstick lovers.Synopsis: Amateur stuntman Rod Kimble has a problem--his step-father Frank is a jerk. Frank picks on Rod, tosses him around like... [More]Starring: Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, Isla Fisher, Bill HaderDirected By: Akiva Schaffer#149Game Night (2018) 85%#149Adjusted Score: 95.788% Critics Consensus: With a talented cast turned loose on a loaded premise -- and a sharp script loaded with dark comedy and unexpected twists -- Game Night might be more fun than the real thing.Synopsis: Bateman and McAdams star as Max and Annie, whose weekly couples game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's... [More]Starring: Jason Bateman, Rachel McAdams, Sharon Horgan, Kyle ChandlerDirected By: Jonathan M. Goldstein, John Francis Daley#148The First Wives Club (1996) 50%#148Adjusted Score: 53.843% Critics Consensus: First Wives Club is headlined by a trio of comedic dynamos, but the script lets them down with tepid plotting and a fatal lack of satirical bite.Synopsis: In this comedy-drama, a former classmate's suicide reunites three middle-aged college friends from the class of '69. These classmates have... [More]Starring: Bette Midler, Goldie Hawn, Diane Keaton, Dan HedayaDirected By: Hugh Wilson#147Scary Movie (2000) 52%#147Adjusted Score: 55.863% Critics Consensus: Critics say Scary Movie overloads on crudity and grossness to get its laughs.Synopsis: From the minds that brought you \"I'm Gonna Git You Sucka,\" \"In Living Color\" and \"Don't Be A Menace In... [More]Starring: Marlon Wayans, Shawn Wayans, Anna Faris, Shannon ElizabethDirected By: Keenen Ivory Wayans#146Blockers (2018) 84%#146Adjusted Score: 93.544% Critics Consensus: Blockers puts a gender-swapped spin on the teen sex comedy -- one elevated by strong performances, a smartly funny script, and a surprisingly enlightened perspective.Synopsis: When three parents stumble upon their daughters' pact to lose their virginity at prom, they launch a covert one-night operation... [More]Starring: Leslie Mann, Ike Barinholtz, John Cena, Kathryn NewtonDirected By: Kay Cannon#145The Bank Dick (1940) 100%#145Adjusted Score: 102.226% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In this film, the matchless W. C. Fields plays Egbert Souse, a bibulous denizen of Lompoc who supports his family... [More]Starring: W.C. Fields, Una Merkel, Grady Sutton, Cora WitherspoonDirected By: Eddie Cline, Edward F. Cline#144Mrs. Doubtfire (1993) 71%#144Adjusted Score: 74.691% Critics Consensus: On paper, Mrs. Doubtfire might seem excessively broad or sentimental, but Robin Williams shines so brightly in the title role that the end result is difficult to resist.Synopsis: After out-of-work actor Daniel Hilliard (Robin Williams) loses custody of his three children to his ex-wife Miranda (Sally Field), he... [More]Starring: Robin Williams, Sally Field, Pierce Brosnan, Harvey FiersteinDirected By: Chris Columbus#143Pitch Perfect (2012) 81%#143Adjusted Score: 86.443% Critics Consensus: Pitch Perfect's plot is formulaic, but the performances are excellent and the musical numbers are toe-tapping as well.Synopsis: Beca (Anna Kendrick) is that girl who'd rather listen to what's coming out of her headphones than what's coming out... [More]Starring: Anna Kendrick, Skylar Astin, Rebel Wilson, Ben PlattDirected By: Jason Moore#142Four Lions (2010) 83%#142Adjusted Score: 86.774% Critics Consensus: Its premise suggests brazenly tasteless humor, but Four Lions is actually a smart, pitch-black comedy that carries the unmistakable ring of truth.Synopsis: In a British city, four men have a secret plan. Omar is disillusioned about the treatment of Muslims around the... [More]Starring: Riz Ahmed, Arsher Ali, Nigel Lindsay, Kayvan NovakDirected By: Christopher Morris#141Safety Last! (1923) 97%#141Adjusted Score: 102.08% Critics Consensus: Persuasive enough to give audiences acrophobia when they aren't laughing at Harold Lloyd's antics, Safety Last! is a marvel of visual effects and slapstick comedy.Synopsis: After Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton, the silent film era's \"third genius\" was Harold Lloyd, who stars in this Horatio... [More]Starring: Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah YoungDirected By: Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor#140Big (1988) 97%#140Adjusted Score: 102.446% Critics Consensus: Refreshingly sweet and undeniably funny, Big is a showcase for Tom Hanks, who dives into his role and infuses it with charm and surprising poignancy.Synopsis: More than anything else, 13-year old New Jerseyite Josh (David Moscow) wants to be \"big\". That's the wish he makes... [More]Starring: Tom Hanks, Jared Rushton, Elizabeth Perkins, Robert LoggiaDirected By: Penny Marshall#139Wet Hot American Summer (2001) 38%#139Adjusted Score: 39.932% Critics Consensus: Wet Hot American Summer's incredibly talented cast is too often outmatched by a deeply silly script that misses its targets at least as often as it skewers them.Synopsis: The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world,... [More]Starring: Janeane Garofalo, David Hyde Pierce, Michael Showalter, Marguerite MoreauDirected By: David Wain#138Barbershop (2002) 83%#138Adjusted Score: 86.218% Critics Consensus: Besides bringing on the laughs, Barbershop displays a big heart and demonstrates the value of community.Synopsis: An ensemble comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of Chicago. It's Calvin's... [More]Starring: Ice Cube, Anthony Anderson, Cedric the Entertainer, Sean Patrick ThomasDirected By: Tim Story#137Dazed and Confused (1993) 92%#137Adjusted Score: 96.593% Critics Consensus: Featuring an excellent ensemble cast, a precise feel for the 1970s, and a killer soundtrack, Dazed and Confused is a funny, affectionate, and clear-eyed look at high school life.Synopsis: Like George Lucas' American Graffiti, Richard Linklater's Dazed and Confused is an affectionate look at the youth culture of a... [More]Starring: Jason London, Rory Cochrane, Sasha Jenson, Wiley WigginsDirected By: Richard Linklater#136Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1993) 49%#136Adjusted Score: 53.502% Critics Consensus: Jim Carrey's twitchy antics and gross-out humor are on full, bombastic display in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, which is great news for fans of his particular brand of comedy but likely unsatisfying for anyone else.Synopsis: When your dog, bird, or water-dwelling mammal disappears, who do you call? Ace Ventura (Jim Carrey) is a low-rent private... [More]Starring: Jim Carrey, Courteney Cox, Sean Young, Dan MarinoDirected By: Tom Shadyac#135Idiocracy (2006) 74%#135Adjusted Score: 74.953% Critics Consensus: Frustratingly uneven yet enjoyable overall, Idiocracy skewers society's devolution with an amiably goofy yet deceptively barbed wit.Synopsis: In 2005, average in every way private Joe Bowers (Luke Wilson) is selected to take part in a secret military... [More]Starring: Luke Wilson, Maya Rudolph, Dax Shepard, Terry CrewsDirected By: Mike Judge#134Team America: World Police (2004) 77%#134Adjusted Score: 82.557% Critics Consensus: Team America will either offend you or leave you in stitches. It'll probably do both.Synopsis: Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons... [More]Starring: Trey Parker, Matt Stone, Kristen Miller, MasasaDirected By: Trey Parker#133Kissing Jessica Stein (2002) 83%#133Adjusted Score: 86.017% Critics Consensus: A trite but refreshing and comical spin on nature of love.Synopsis: A woman searching for the perfect man instead discovers the perfect woman in this romantic comedy. Jessica Stein (Jennifer Westfeldt)... [More]Starring: Jennifer Westfeldt, Heather Juergensen, Tovah Feldshuh, Scott CohenDirected By: Charles Herman-Wurmfeld#132Trainwreck (2015) 84%#132Adjusted Score: 95.195% Critics Consensus: Trainwreck drags commitment out of all but the most rom-com-phobic filmgoers with sharp humor, relatable characters, and hilarious work from Amy Schumer.Synopsis: Since she was a little girl, it's been drilled into Amy's (Schumer) head by her rascal of a dad (Colin... [More]Starring: Amy Schumer, Bill Hader, Colin Quinn, Brie LarsonDirected By: Judd Apatow#131Pee-wee's Big Adventure (1985) 87%#131Adjusted Score: 90.005% Critics Consensus: Pee-Wee's Big Adventure brings Paul Reubens' famous character to the big screen intact, along with enough inspired silliness to dazzle children of all ages.Synopsis: Co-written by Paul Reubens and Phil Hartman, Pee Wee's Big Adventure marks the debut of director Tim Burton, who stamps... [More]Starring: Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Diane SalingerDirected By: Tim Burton#130Tommy Boy (1995) 42%#130Adjusted Score: 44.254% Critics Consensus: Though it benefits from the comic charms of its two leads, Tommy Boy too often feels like a familiar sketch stretched thin.Synopsis: Saturday Night Live star Chris Farley had his first starring role in this frankly lowbrow comedy, which teamed him with... [More]Starring: Chris Farley, David Spade, Brian Dennehy, Bo DerekDirected By: Peter Segal#129Life (1999) 50%#129Adjusted Score: 51.765% Critics Consensus: Entertaining if not over-the-top humor from a solid comic duo provides plenty of laughs.Synopsis: Comedians Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence team up for a story that wouldn't appear to have many immediate humorous possibilities... [More]Starring: Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence, Ned Beatty, Obba BabatundéDirected By: Ted Demme#128Zoolander (2001) 63%#128Adjusted Score: 67.362% Critics Consensus: A wacky satire on the fashion industry, Zoolander is one of those deliberately dumb comedies that can deliver genuine laughs.Synopsis: Comic actor Ben Stiller co-wrote, directed, and stars in this spoof of the fashion industry that began as a short... [More]Starring: Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Will Ferrell, Christine TaylorDirected By: Ben Stiller#127Super Troopers (2002) 35%#127Adjusted Score: 36.979% Critics Consensus: A more-miss -than-hit affair, Super Troopers will most likely appeal to those looking for something silly.Synopsis: A handful of state troopers are put in the uncomfortable position of having to actually enforce the law in this... [More]Starring: Brian Cox, Daniel von Bargen, Marisa Coughlan, Lynda CarterDirected By: Jay Chandrasekhar#126Happy Gilmore (1996) 61%#126Adjusted Score: 63.633% Critics Consensus: Those who enjoy Adam Sandler's schtick will find plenty to love in this gleefully juvenile take on professional golf; those who don't, however, will find it unfunny and forgettable.Synopsis: A failed hockey player turned unconventional golf whiz is determined to win a PGA tournament to save his grandmother's house... [More]Starring: Adam Sandler, Christopher McDonald, Julie Bowen, Frances BayDirected By: Dennis Dugan#12521 Jump Street (2012) 85%#125Adjusted Score: 93.455% Critics Consensus: A smart, affectionate satire of '80s nostalgia and teen movie tropes, 21 Jump Street offers rowdy mainstream comedy with a surprisingly satisfying bite.Synopsis: In the action-comedy 21 Jump Street, Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) are more than ready to leave their... [More]Starring: Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Brie Larson, Rob RiggleDirected By: Christopher Miller, Phil Lord#124Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989) 81%#124Adjusted Score: 84.802% Critics Consensus: Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter are just charming, goofy, and silly enough to make this fluffy time-travel Adventure work.Synopsis: When a couple air-headed rock-star wannabes are faced with the break-up of their band as a result of poor grades,... [More]Starring: Alex Winter, Keanu Reeves, George Carlin, Rod LoomisDirected By: Stephen Herek#123Broadcast News (1987) 98%#123Adjusted Score: 101.851% Critics Consensus: Blockbuster dramatist James L. Brooks delivers with Broadcast News, fully entertaining with deft, deep characterization.Synopsis: Writer/director/producer James L. Brooks scores on all counts with this clear-eyed look at the television news business and the dysfunctional... [More]Starring: William Hurt, Holly Hunter, Albert Brooks, Jack NicholsonDirected By: James L. Brooks, James A. Brooks#122Lost in America (1985) 97%#122Adjusted Score: 99.134% Critics Consensus: A satire of the American fantasy of leaving it all behind, Lost in America features some of Albert Brooks' best, most consistent writing and cultural jabs.Synopsis: Two dissatisfied yuppies leave their suburban lives behind and embark on a journey to rediscover America and themselves. This idea... [More]Starring: Julie Hagerty, Albert Brooks, Maggie Roswell, Michael GreeneDirected By: Albert Brooks#121In the Loop (2009) 94%#121Adjusted Score: 99.596% Critics Consensus: In the Loop is an uncommonly funny political satire that blends Dr. Strangelove with Spinal Tap for the Iraq war era.Synopsis: The run-up to war makes for curious rivalries and uneasy alliances in this political satire from director and co-screenwriter Armando... [More]Starring: Tom Hollander, Peter Capaldi, James Gandolfini, Gina McKeeDirected By: Armando Iannucci#120Crazy Rich Asians (2018) 91%#120Adjusted Score: 106.669% Critics Consensus: With a terrific cast and a surfeit of visual razzle dazzle, Crazy Rich Asians takes a satisfying step forward for screen representation while deftly drawing inspiration from the classic -- and still effective -- rom-com formula.Synopsis: \"Crazy Rich Asians\" follows native New Yorker Rachel Chu (Wu) as she accompanies her longtime boyfriend, Nick Young (Golding), to... [More]Starring: Constance Wu, Henry Golding, Michelle Yeoh, Gemma ChanDirected By: Jon M. Chu#119Shaolin Soccer (2004) 90%#119Adjusted Score: 92.08% Critics Consensus: The plot is utterly ridiculous, and the soccer in the movie is unlike any ever played anywhere on Earth, but watching Shaolin Soccer, you will probably find it impossible to care.Synopsis: One of Hong Kong's top screen comics, Stephen Chow, co-wrote, co-directed, and headlines this three-way blend of sports, action, and... [More]Starring: Stephen Chow, Wei Zhao, Man Tat Ng, Vicki Zhao WeiDirected By: Stephen Chow#118Top Five (2014) 85%#118Adjusted Score: 92.176% Critics Consensus: As smart, funny, and trenchant as writer-director-star Chris Rock's best standup work, Top Five is a career highlight for its creator -- and one of the comedy standouts of 2014.Synopsis: Pulsing with the rhythm of his greatest stand-up, Chris Rock's TOP FIVE takes things to the next level, reveling in... [More]Starring: Chris Rock, Rosario Dawson, Gabrielle Union, Romany MalcoDirected By: Chris Rock#117Road to Morocco (1942) 92%#117Adjusted Score: 93.088% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Having accidentally caused a merchant ship to blow up, stowaways Bob Hope and Bing Crosby are shipwrecked on the African... [More]Starring: Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, Anthony QuinnDirected By: David Butler#116Up in Smoke (1978) 47%#116Adjusted Score: 48.268% Critics Consensus: Oft-quoted but undeniably flawed, Up In Smoke is a seminal piece of stoner cinema thanks to the likability of its two counterculture icons.Synopsis: Then professional potheads Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong teamed up for Cheech &amp; Chong: Up In Smoke, which features the... [More]Starring: Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, Stacy Keach, Strother MartinDirected By: Lou Adler, Tommy Chong#115The 40 Year Old Virgin (2005) 85%#115Adjusted Score: 91.297% Critics Consensus: Steve Carell's first star turn scores big with a tender treatment of its titular underdog, using raunchy but realistically funny comedy to connect with adult audiences.Synopsis: One man nervously ventures forth into the final frontier in this comedy starring comic actor Steve Carell. Andy Stitzer (Carell)... [More]Starring: Steve Carell, Catherine Keener, Paul Rudd, Romany MalcoDirected By: Judd Apatow#114The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014) 92%#114Adjusted Score: 104.627% Critics Consensus: Typically stylish but deceptively thoughtful, The Grand Budapest Hotel finds Wes Anderson once again using ornate visual environments to explore deeply emotional ideas.Synopsis: THE GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL recounts the adventures of Gustave H, a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the... [More]Starring: Ralph Fiennes, Tony Revolori, F. Murray Abraham, Edward NortonDirected By: Wes Anderson#113In Bruges (2008) 84%#113Adjusted Score: 91.541% Critics Consensus: Featuring witty dialogue and deft performances, In Bruges is an effective mix of dark comedy and crime thriller elements.Synopsis: Bruges (pronounced \"broozh\"), the most well-preserved medieval city in the whole of Belgium, is a welcoming destination for travelers from... [More]Starring: Colin Farrell, Brendan Gleeson, Ralph Fiennes, Clémence PoésyDirected By: Martin McDonagh#112American Pie (1999) 61%#112Adjusted Score: 66.605% Critics Consensus: So embarrassing it's believable, American Pie succeeds in bringing back the teen movie genre.Synopsis: In this wild Unrated version of the hit comedy, follow the raging hormones of four teenage boys and their girls... [More]Starring: Jason Biggs, Mena Suvari, Alyson Hannigan, Shannon ElizabethDirected By: Paul Weitz, Chris Weitz#111All About My Mother (Todo sobre mi madre) (1999) 98%#111Adjusted Score: 101.659% Critics Consensus: Almodovar weaves together a magnificent tapestry of femininity with an affectionate wink to classics of theater and cinema in this poignant story of love, loss and compassion.Synopsis: Pedro Almodóvar directed this story of a woman and her circle of friends who find themselves suffering a variety of... [More]Starring: Cecilia Roth, Marisa Paredes, Candela Pena, Antonia San JuanDirected By: Pedro Almodóvar#110Burn After Reading (2008) 78%#110Adjusted Score: 87.677% Critics Consensus: With Burn After Reading, the Coen Brothers have crafted another clever comedy/thriller with an outlandish plot and memorable characters.Synopsis: At the headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency in Arlington, Va., analyst Osborne Cox arrives for a top-secret meeting. Unfortunately... [More]Starring: George Clooney, Frances McDormand, John Malkovich, Brad PittDirected By: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen#109Legally Blonde (2001) 70%#109Adjusted Score: 74.671% Critics Consensus: Though the material is predictable and formulaic, Reese Witherspoon's funny, nuanced performance makes this movie better than it would have been otherwise.Synopsis: Elle Woods has it all. She's the president of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus... [More]Starring: Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, Selma Blair, Matthew DavisDirected By: Robert Luketic#108Pride (2014) 92%#108Adjusted Score: 97.594% Critics Consensus: Earnest without being didactic and uplifting without stooping to sentimentality, Pride is a joyous crowd-pleaser that genuinely works.Synopsis: PRIDE is inspired by an extraordinary true story. It's the summer of 1984, Margaret Thatcher is in power and the... [More]Starring: Bill Nighy, Imelda Staunton, Dominic West, Paddy ConsidineDirected By: Matthew Warchus#107It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963) 70%#107Adjusted Score: 73.889% Critics Consensus: It's long, frantic, and stuffed to the gills with comic actors and set pieces -- and that's exactly its charm.Synopsis: With this all-star Cinerama epic, producer/director Stanley Kramer vowed to make \"the comedy that would end all comedies.\" The story... [More]Starring: Spencer Tracy, Milton Berle, Sid Caesar, Buddy HackettDirected By: Stanley Kramer#106Beetlejuice (1988) 85%#106Adjusted Score: 89.14% Critics Consensus: Brilliantly bizarre and overflowing with ideas, Beetlejuice offers some of Michael Keaton's most deliciously manic work - and creepy, funny fun for the whole family.Synopsis: Thanks to the carelessness of a cute little dog, newlyweds Geena Davis and Alec Baldwin are killed in a freak... [More]Starring: Michael Keaton, Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Jeffrey JonesDirected By: Tim Burton#105House Party (1990) 93%#105Adjusted Score: 94.308% Critics Consensus: House Party is a light, entertaining teen comedy with an infectious energy.Synopsis: House Party is an infectious, engaging comedy starring the rap duo Kid 'N Play. Kid (Christopher Reid) decides to throw... [More]Starring: Christopher \"Kid\" Reid, Christopher Martin, Robin Harris, Martin LawrenceDirected By: Reginald Hudlin#104The Birdcage (1996) 81%#104Adjusted Score: 83.498% Critics Consensus: Mike Nichols wrangles agreeably amusing performances from Robin Williams and Nathan Lane in this fun, if not quite essential, remake of the French comedy La Cage aux Folles.Synopsis: Armand Goldman owns a popular drag nightclub in South Miami Beach. His long-time lover, Albert, stars there as Starina. \"Their\"... [More]Starring: Robin Williams, Nathan Lane, Gene Hackman, Dianne WiestDirected By: Mike Nichols#103City Slickers (1991) 90%#103Adjusted Score: 92.635% Critics Consensus: With a supremely talented cast and just enough midlife drama to add weight to its wildly silly overtones, City Slickers uses universal themes to earn big laughs.Synopsis: City Slickers blends sight gags, one-liners, and sincerity, with both humor and drama arising from the characters and their situations.... [More]Starring: Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Bruno Kirby, Jack PalanceDirected By: Ron Underwood#102Stripes (1981) 88%#102Adjusted Score: 90.688% Critics Consensus: A raucous military comedy that features Bill Murray and his merry cohorts approaching the peak of their talents.Synopsis: A charming, self-elected leader winds up commanding an outfit of misfits.... [More]Starring: Bill Murray, Harold Ramis, Warren Oates, P.J. SolesDirected By: Ivan Reitman#101Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein (1948) 89%#101Adjusted Score: 92.617% Critics Consensus: A zany horror spoof that plays up and then plays into the best of Universal horror cliches.Synopsis: It seems that Count Dracula (Bela Lugosi), in league with a beautiful but diabolical lady scientist (Lenore Aubert), needs a... [More]Starring: Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Bela Lugosi, Creighton ChaneyDirected By: Charles Barton#100Clue (1985) 65%#100Adjusted Score: 66.699% Critics Consensus: A robust ensemble of game actors elevate Clue above its schematic source material, but this farce's reliance on novelty over organic wit makes its entertainment value a roll of the dice.Synopsis: In this spoof of McCarthy-era paranoia and 1950s wholesomeness, the characters and plot are drawn from the popular Parker Brothers... [More]Starring: Eileen Brennan, Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn, Christopher LloydDirected By: Jonathan Lynn#99Spy (2015) 95%#99Adjusted Score: 104.929% Critics Consensus: Simultaneously broad and progressive, Spy offers further proof that Melissa McCarthy and writer-director Paul Feig bring out the best in one another -- and delivers scores of belly laughs along the way.Synopsis: Susan Cooper (Melissa McCarthy) is an unassuming, deskbound CIA analyst, and the unsung hero behind the Agency's most dangerous missions.... [More]Starring: Melissa McCarthy, Jason Statham, Rose Byrne, Bobby CannavaleDirected By: Paul Feig#98I Like It Like That (1994) 82%#98Adjusted Score: 68.679% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Writer/director Darnell Martin became the first African-American woman to direct a studio feature with this charming, funny, and realistic account... [More]Starring: Luna Lauren Vélez, John Seda, Jon Seda, Tomas MellyDirected By: Darnell Martin#97Bridget Jones's Diary (2001) 80%#97Adjusted Score: 85.211% Critics Consensus: Though there was controversy over the choice of casting, Zellweger's Bridget Jones is a sympathetic, likable, funny character, giving this romantic comedy a lot of charm.Synopsis: Based on Helen Fielding's hugely popular novel, this romantic comedy follows Bridget (Renee Zellweger), a post-feminist, thirty-something British woman who... [More]Starring: Renée Zellweger, Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, Jim BroadbentDirected By: Sharon Maguire#96School of Rock (2003) 92%#96Adjusted Score: 97.728% Critics Consensus: Black's exuberant, gleeful performance turns School of Rock into a hilarious, rocking good time.Synopsis: The world's least-employable heavy metal guitarist is entrusted with the minds of upstate New York's best and brightest in this... [More]Starring: Jack Black, Mike White, Joan Cusack, Sarah SilvermanDirected By: Richard Linklater#95Moonstruck (1987) 94%#95Adjusted Score: 99.064% Critics Consensus: Led by energetic performances from Nicolas Cage and Cher, Moonstruck is an exuberantly funny tribute to love and one of the decade's most appealing comedies.Synopsis: When there's a full moon over Brooklyn, anything can happen, and everything happens in the neighborhood where widowed bookkeeper Loretta... [More]Starring: Cher, Nicolas Cage, Olympia Dukakis, Fyodor ChaliapinDirected By: Norman Jewison#94The In-Laws (1979) 88%#94Adjusted Score: 89.421% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Dentist Sheldon Kornpett (Alan Arkin) is a respectable man. He has a daughter who is about to marry the son... [More]Starring: Peter Falk, Alan Arkin, Richard Libertini, Nancy DussaultDirected By: Arthur Hiller#93The Ladykillers (1955) 100%#93Adjusted Score: 102.571% Critics Consensus: The Ladykillers is a macabre slow-burn with quirky performances of even quirkier characters.Synopsis: Music professor Alec Guinness rents a London flat from sweet old lady Katie Johnson. He tells her that, from time... [More]Starring: Katie Johnson, Alec Guinness, Peter Sellers, Cecil ParkerDirected By: Alexander Mackendrick#92A League of Their Own (1992) 79%#92Adjusted Score: 84.045% Critics Consensus: Sentimental and light, but still thoroughly charming, A League of Their Own is buoyed by solid performances from a wonderful cast.Synopsis: The All-American Girls' Professional Baseball League was founded in 1943, when most of the men of baseball-playing age were far... [More]Starring: Tom Hanks, Geena Davis, Lori Petty, MadonnaDirected By: Penny Marshall#91Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (1988) 88%#91Adjusted Score: 90.659% Critics Consensus: A buoyant, clever update of the conman flick Bedtime Story, with plenty of comedic jousting resulting from a winning chemistry between Michael Caine and Steve Martin.Synopsis: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a remake of the 1964 film farce Bedtime Story. Steve Martin and Michael Caine take over... [More]Starring: Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Glenne Headly, Anton RodgersDirected By: Frank Oz#90Good Morning, Vietnam (1987) 90%#90Adjusted Score: 92.918% Critics Consensus: A well-calibrated blend of manic comedy and poignant drama, Good Morning, Vietnam offers a captivating look at a wide range of Robin Williams' cinematic gifts.Synopsis: The film begins in 1965, when disc jockey Adrian Cronauer (Robin Williams) is assigned to take over the AFR's Saigon... [More]Starring: Robin Williams, Forest Whitaker, Bruno Kirby, J.T. WalshDirected By: Barry Levinson#89M*A*S*H (1970) 84%#89Adjusted Score: 90.813% Critics Consensus: Bold, timely, subversive, and above all funny, M*A*S*H remains a high point in Robert Altman's distinguished filmography.Synopsis: Although he was not the first choice to direct it, the hit black comedy MASH established Robert Altman as one... [More]Starring: Donald Sutherland, Elliott Gould, Sally Kellerman, Robert DuvallDirected By: Robert Altman#88When Harry Met Sally (1989) 91%#88Adjusted Score: 96.704% Critics Consensus: Rob Reiner's touching, funny film set a new standard for romantic comedies, and he was ably abetted by the sharp interplay between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan.Synopsis: Harry and Sally have known each other for years, and are very good friends, but they fear sex would ruin... [More]Starring: Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan, Carrie Fisher, Bruno KirbyDirected By: Rob Reiner#87Harold &amp; Kumar Go to White Castle (2004) 74%#87Adjusted Score: 77.901% Critics Consensus: The likable leads and subversion of racial stereotypes elevate Harold and Kumar above the typical stoner comedy.Synopsis: Directed by Danny Leiner, Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle follows the life-changing (and mind-altering) journey of Korean-American investment... [More]Starring: John Cho, Kal Penn, Paula Garcés, David KrumholtzDirected By: Danny Leiner#86Napoleon Dynamite (2004) 72%#86Adjusted Score: 76.795% Critics Consensus: A charming, quirky, and often funny comedy.Synopsis: The directorial debut of filmmaker Jared Hess, who also co-wrote the screenplay, Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky, offbeat comedy set... [More]Starring: Jon Heder, Jon Gries, Aaron Ruell, Efren RamirezDirected By: Jared Hess#85Arthur (1981) 88%#85Adjusted Score: 90.135% Critics Consensus: Dudley Moore brings a boozy charm to Arthur, a coming of age tale for a wayward millionaire that deploys energetic cast chemistry and spiffy humor to jovial effect.Synopsis: The ads for Arthur suggested that this was an obnoxious film about an obnoxious man, an eternally drunken millionaire indulging... [More]Starring: Dudley Moore, Liza Minnelli, John Gielgud, Geraldine FitzgeraldDirected By: Steve Gordon#84Tootsie (1982) 90%#84Adjusted Score: 94.253% Critics Consensus: Tootsie doesn't squander its high-concept comedy premise with fine dialogue and sympathetic treatment of the characters.Synopsis: Michael Dorsey is a talented actor, but his demanding nature and stubborn temperament have antagonized every producer in New York.... [More]Starring: Dustin Hoffman, Jessica Lange, Teri Garr, Dabney ColemanDirected By: Sydney Pollack#83Best in Show (2000) 93%#83Adjusted Score: 96.78% Critics Consensus: A fine example of writer-director-star Christopher Guest's gift for improv comedy, Best in Show boasts an appealingly quirky premise and a brilliantly talented cast.Synopsis: A \"behind the scenes\" look into the highly competitive and cut-throat world of dog-shows through the eyes of a group... [More]Starring: Christopher Guest, Parker Posey, Michael Hitchcock, Eugene LevyDirected By: Christopher Guest#82The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994) 96%#82Adjusted Score: 98.426% Critics Consensus: While its premise is ripe for comedy -- and it certainly delivers its fair share of laughs -- Priscilla is also a surprisingly tender and thoughtful road movie with some outstanding performances.Synopsis: The usually menacing British actor Terence Stamp does a complete turnaround as Bernadette, an aging transsexual who tours the backwaters... [More]Starring: Terence Stamp, Hugo Weaving, Guy Pearce, Bill HunterDirected By: Stephan Elliott#81Mean Girls (2004) 84%#81Adjusted Score: 89.292% Critics Consensus: Elevated by a brilliant screenplay and outstanding ensemble cast, Mean Girls finds fresh, female-fronted humor in the high school experience.Synopsis: Tina Fey from Saturday Night Live wrote and appears in this comedy about the alternately funny and terrifying pecking order... [More]Starring: Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Lacey Chabert, Amanda SeyfriedDirected By: Mark Waters (VIII)#80Spaceballs (1987) 56%#80Adjusted Score: 59.011% Critics Consensus: There's fine spoofery and amusing characters in Spaceballs, though it's a far cry from Mel Brooks' peak era.Synopsis: The evil leaders of Planet Spaceball, having foolishly squandered their precious atmosphere, devise a secret plan to take every breath... [More]Starring: Mel Brooks, Rick Moranis, Daphne Zuniga, Bill PullmanDirected By: Mel Brooks#79Sister Act (1992) 74%#79Adjusted Score: 75.332% Critics Consensus: Looking for a sweet musical comedy about a witness to a crime hiding out from killers in a convent? There's nun better than Sister Act.Synopsis: A sleeper hit that received a lukewarm reception from critics but was a success with audiences, Sister Act (1992) was... [More]Starring: Whoopi Goldberg, Maggie Smith, Harvey Keitel, Kathy NajimyDirected By: Emile Ardolino#78Step Brothers (2008) 55%#78Adjusted Score: 62.755% Critics Consensus: Step Brothers indulges in a cheerfully relentless immaturity that will quickly turn off viewers unamused by Ferrell and Reilly -- and delight those who find their antics hilarious.Synopsis: Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby co-stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly re-team with that film's director, Adam... [More]Starring: Will Ferrell, John C. Reilly, Mary Steenburgen, Richard JenkinsDirected By: Adam McKay#77UHF (1989) 61%#77Adjusted Score: 62.084% Critics Consensus: UHF is bizarre, freewheeling, and spotty, though its anarchic spirit cannot be denied.Synopsis: When a desperate UHF station gives the seriously odd George the job of manager, he proves to be a programming... [More]Starring: Weird Al Yankovic, Victoria Jackson, Kevin McCarthy, Michael RichardsDirected By: Jay Levey#76National Lampoon's Vacation (1983) 93%#76Adjusted Score: 96.473% Critics Consensus: Blessed by a brilliantly befuddled star turn from Chevy Chase, National Lampoon's Vacation is one of the more consistent -- and thoroughly quotable -- screwball comedies of the 1980s.Synopsis: The first film in the Vacation comedy franchise stars Chevy Chase as Clark Griswold, an ad exec who becomes consumed... [More]Starring: Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Imogene Coca, Randy QuaidDirected By: Harold Ramis#75Galaxy Quest (1999) 90%#75Adjusted Score: 95.451% Critics Consensus: Intelligent and humorous satire with an excellent cast -- no previous Trekkie knowledge needed to enjoy this one.Synopsis: For four years, the courageous crew of the NSEA Protector donned their uniforms and set out on thrilling and often... [More]Starring: Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony ShalhoubDirected By: Dean Parisot#74Harold and Maude (1971) 84%#74Adjusted Score: 88.396% Critics Consensus: Hal Ashby's comedy is too dark and twisted for some, and occasionally oversteps its bounds, but there's no denying the film's warm humor and big heart.Synopsis: Harold, the 20-year-old son of a wealthy, neglectful woman, tries to gain attention for himself with various hilariously staged \"suicides.\"... [More]Starring: Bud Cort, Ruth Gordon, Vivian Pickles, Cyril CusackDirected By: Hal Ashby#73Meet the Parents (2000) 84%#73Adjusted Score: 89.151% Critics Consensus: Despite sometimes sitcom-like execution, Meet the Parents is a hilarious look at familial relationships that works mostly because the chemistry between its two leads is so effective.Synopsis: In this comedy from Austin Powers director Jay Roach, Ben Stiller plays a young man who endures a disastrous weekend... [More]Starring: Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Teri Polo, Blythe DannerDirected By: Jay Roach#72Girls Trip (2017) 91%#72Adjusted Score: 97.982% Critics Consensus: Girls Trip is the rare R-rated comedy that pushes boundaries to truly comedic effect -- and anchors its laughs in compelling characters brought to life by a brilliantly assembled cast.Synopsis: When four lifelong friends-Regina Hall, Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett Smith and Tiffany Haddish-travel to New Orleans for the annual Essence... [More]Starring: Regina Hall, Tiffany Haddish, Larenz Tate, Mike ColterDirected By: Malcolm D. Lee#71Being There (1979) 95%#71Adjusted Score: 99.75% Critics Consensus: Smart, sophisticated, and refreshingly subtle, Being There soars behind sensitive direction from Hal Ashby and a stellar Peter Sellers performance.Synopsis: Hailed as a genius for his simplistic approach to life, an aging gardener with a childlike naïveté rises, by accident,... [More]Starring: Peter Sellers, Shirley MacLaine, Melvyn Douglas, Jack WardenDirected By: Hal Ashby#70Wayne's World (1992) 78%#70Adjusted Score: 84.6% Critics Consensus: An oddball comedy that revels in its silliness and memorable catch phrases, Wayne's World is also fondly regarded because of its endearing characters.Synopsis: Originally a skit on \"Saturday Night Live\" during the late '80s and early '90s, \"Wayne's World\" is about two teenage... [More]Starring: Mike Myers, Dana Carvey, Rob Lowe, Tia CarrereDirected By: Penelope Spheeris#69Fast Times At Ridgemont High (1982) 77%#69Adjusted Score: 81.459% Critics Consensus: While Fast Times at Ridgemont High features Sean Penn's legendary performance, the film endures because it accurately captured the small details of school, work, and teenage life.Synopsis: Based on 22-year-old Cameron Crowe's undercover exposé on life in a Southern California public high school, this groundbreaking effort presents... [More]Starring: Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Judge Reinhold, Robert RomanusDirected By: Amy Heckerling#68Arsenic and Old Lace (1944) 81%#68Adjusted Score: 84.426% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Arsenic and Old Lace is director Frank Capra's spin on the classic Joseph Kesselring stage comedy, which concerns the sweet... [More]Starring: Cary Grant, Raymond Massey, Josephine Hull, John AlexanderDirected By: Frank Capra#67Kung Fu Hustle (2005) 91%#67Adjusted Score: 97.336% Critics Consensus: Kung Fu Hustle blends special effects, martial arts, and the Looney Toons to hilarious effect.Synopsis: The work of international superstar Stephen Chow, Kung Fu Hustle is a humorous, special-effects-filled, action-packed martial arts epic set in... [More]Starring: Stephen Chow, Wah Yuen, Shengyi Huang, Kwok-Kwan ChanDirected By: Stephen Chow#66Booksmart (2019) 96%#66Adjusted Score: 112.109% Critics Consensus: Fast-paced, funny, and fresh, Booksmart does the seemingly impossible by adding a smart new spin to the coming-of-age comedy.Synopsis: The story follows Dever and Feldstein's characters, two academic superstars and best friends who, on the eve of their high... [More]Starring: Kaitlyn Dever, Beanie Feldstein, Jessica Williams, Lisa KudrowDirected By: Olivia Wilde#65Heathers (1988) 93%#65Adjusted Score: 96.878% Critics Consensus: Dark, cynical, and subversive, Heathers gently applies a chainsaw to the conventions of the high school movie -- changing the game for teen comedies to follow.Synopsis: A deliciously nasty black comedy, Heathers is set at a cliquish high school in Ohio. The most exclusive of those... [More]Starring: Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, Kim Walker, Penelope MilfordDirected By: Michael Lehmann#64Playtime (1973) 98%#64Adjusted Score: 102.838% Critics Consensus: A remarkable achievement, Playtime's packs every scene with sight gags and characters that both celebrates and satirizes the urbanization of modern life.Synopsis: Hilarious, dazzlingly inventive comedy in which Mr. Hulot tries to function in an unrecognizable Paris of modernistic glass-and-steel skyscrapers.... [More]Starring: Barbara Dennek, France Delahalle, France Rumilly, Sharon MaidenDirected By: Jacques Tati#63Beverly Hills Cop (1984) 83%#63Adjusted Score: 86.841% Critics Consensus: The buddy cop movie continues its evolution unabated with this Eddie Murphy vehicle that's fast, furious, and funny.Synopsis: What's that wisecracking young black guy (Eddie Murphy) in that beat-up Chevy Nova doing in lily-white Beverly Hills? He's Axel... [More]Starring: Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, John Ashton, Lisa EilbacherDirected By: Martin Brest#62Office Space (1999) 80%#62Adjusted Score: 84.223% Critics Consensus: Mike Judge lampoons the office grind with its inspired mix of sharp dialogue and witty one-liners.Synopsis: Peter Gibbons (Ron Livingston) is a computer programmer working for Initech in Houston. Every day, he and his friends Samir... [More]Starring: Ron Livingston, Jennifer Aniston, Gary Cole, Dave HermanDirected By: Mike Judge#61Four Weddings and a Funeral (1994) 96%#61Adjusted Score: 100.254% Critics Consensus: While frothy to a fault, Four Weddings and a Funeral features irresistibly breezy humor, and winsome performances from Hugh Grant and Andie MacDowell.Synopsis: Charles and Carrie would make the perfect couple...if he weren't afraid to commit and she weren't already engaged! Fun-filled, clever... [More]Starring: Hugh Grant, Andie MacDowell, Kristin Scott Thomas, Simon CallowDirected By: Mike Newell#60The Graduate (1967) 87%#60Adjusted Score: 96.175% Critics Consensus: The music, the performances, the precision in capturing the post-college malaise -- The Graduate's coming-of-age story is indeed one for the ages.Synopsis: \"One word: plastics.\" \"Are you here for an affair?\" These lines and others became cultural touchstones, as 1960s youth rebellion... [More]Starring: Dustin Hoffman, Anne Bancroft, Katharine Ross, William DanielsDirected By: Mike Nichols#59Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) 80%#59Adjusted Score: 86.217% Critics Consensus: Matthew Broderick charms in Ferris Bueller's Day Off, a light and irrepressibly fun movie about being young and having fun.Synopsis: Teenaged Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) is a legend in his own time thanks to his uncanny skill at cutting classes... [More]Starring: Matthew Broderick, Mia Sara, Alan Ruck, Jeffrey JonesDirected By: John Hughes#58There's Something About Mary (1998) 83%#58Adjusted Score: 87.389% Critics Consensus: There's Something About Mary proves that unrelentingly, unabashedly peurile humor doesn't necessarily come at the expense of a film's heart.Synopsis: The Farrelly Brothers set this romantic comedy in their home state of Rhode Island. In 1985, when teen-nerd Ted Stroehmann... [More]Starring: Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon, Chris ElliottDirected By: Bobby Farrelly, Peter Farrelly#57Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan (2006) 91%#57Adjusted Score: 98.673% Critics Consensus: Part satire, part shockumentary,Borat gets high-fives almost all-around for being offensive in the funniest possible way. Jagshemash!Synopsis: Journalist Borat Sagdiyev leaves his native Kazakhstan to travel to America to make a documentary. As he zigzags across the... [More]Starring: Sacha Baron Cohen, Ken Davitian, Luenell, Pat HaggertyDirected By: Larry Charles#56Sherlock Jr. (1924) 92%#56Adjusted Score: 95.138% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: This film is one of Buster Keaton's funniest and most technically innovative features. He plays the floor sweeper and projectionist... [More]Starring: Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Ward Crane, Joe KeatonDirected By: Buster Keaton#55Friday (1995) 78%#55Adjusted Score: 79.044% Critics Consensus: What Friday might lack in taut construction or directorial flair, it more than makes up with its vibrant (albeit consistently crass) humor and the charming, energetic performances of its leads.Synopsis: Hard-core rapper Ice Cube, after appearing in such hard-hitting films as Boyz 'N the Hood and Higher Learning, played his... [More]Starring: Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, Nia Long, Tommy \"Tiny\" ListerDirected By: F. Gary Gray#54Superbad (2007) 88%#54Adjusted Score: 95.019% Critics Consensus: Deftly balancing vulgarity and sincerity while placing its protagonists in excessive situations, Superbad is an authentic take on friendship and the overarching awkwardness of the high school experience.Synopsis: Operating under the assumption that by procuring alcohol for an upcoming party they will finally be able to break their... [More]Starring: Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Bill Hader, Christopher Mintz-PlasseDirected By: Greg Mottola#53Hot Fuzz (2007) 91%#53Adjusted Score: 97.827% Critics Consensus: The brilliant minds behind Shaun of the Dead successfully take a shot at the buddy cop genre with Hot Fuzz. The result is a bitingly satiric and hugely entertaining parody.Synopsis: A top London cop who is so good at his job that he makes his fellow officers look like slackers... [More]Starring: Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Jim Broadbent, Steve CooganDirected By: Edgar Wright#52The Hangover (2009) 78%#52Adjusted Score: 85.844% Critics Consensus: With a clever script and hilarious interplay among the cast, The Hangover nails just the right tone of raunchy humor, and the non-stop laughs overshadow any flaw.Synopsis: A blowout Las Vegas bachelor party turns into a race against time when three hung-over groomsmen awaken after a night... [More]Starring: Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin BarthaDirected By: Todd Phillips#51Elf (2003) 85%#51Adjusted Score: 90.526% Critics Consensus: A movie full of Yuletide cheer, Elf is a spirited, good-natured family comedy, and it benefits greatly from Will Ferrell's funny and charming performance as one of Santa's biggest helpers.Synopsis: For his sophomore stab at directing, actor/writer/director Jon Favreau (Swingers, Made), took on this holiday comedy starring Saturday Night Live-alum... [More]Starring: Will Ferrell, James Caan, Bob Newhart, Edward AsnerDirected By: Jon Favreau#50Planes, Trains and Automobiles (1987) 92%#50Adjusted Score: 96.504% Critics Consensus: Thanks to the impeccable chemistry between Steve Martin and John Candy, as well as a deft mix of humor and heart, Planes, Trains and Automobiles is a hilarious, heartfelt holiday classic.Synopsis: Were it not for its profanity-laden opening scenes, John Hughes' Planes, Trains and Automobiles might have been suitable family entertainment:... [More]Starring: Steve Martin, John Candy, William Windom, Michael McKeanDirected By: John Hughes#49A Fish Called Wanda (1988) 95%#49Adjusted Score: 99.749% Critics Consensus: Smartly written, smoothly directed, and solidly cast, A Fish Called Wanda offers a classic example of a brainy comedy with widespread appeal.Synopsis: An ambitious and sexy con artist uses every tool at her disposal to obtain a fortune in jewels stolen by... [More]Starring: John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline, Michael PalinDirected By: Charles Crichton#48Anchorman - The Legend Of Ron Burgundy (2004) 66%#48Adjusted Score: 71.689% Critics Consensus: Filled with inspired silliness and quotable lines, Anchorman isn't the most consistent comedy in the world, but Will Ferrell's buffoonish central performance helps keep this portrait of a clueless newsman from going off the rails.Synopsis: Marking the directorial debut of Adam McKay, former head writer for Saturday Night Live and founder of the Upright Citizen's... [More]Starring: Will Ferrell, Christina Applegate, Paul Rudd, David KoechnerDirected By: Adam McKay#47Ghostbusters (1984 Original) (1984) 97%#47Adjusted Score: 102.668% Critics Consensus: An infectiously fun blend of special effects and comedy, with Bill Murray's hilarious deadpan performance leading a cast of great comic turns.Synopsis: Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis and Ernie Hudson star as a quartet of Manhattan-based \"paranormal investigators\". When their government... [More]Starring: Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Sigourney WeaverDirected By: Ivan Reitman#46Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997) 72%#46Adjusted Score: 75.654% Critics Consensus: A light and goofy comedy which provides laughs, largely due to performances and screenwriting by Myers.Synopsis: Less a parody of the early James Bond film than a parody of the films that parodied the early James... [More]Starring: Mike Myers, Elizabeth Hurley, Michael York, Seth GreenDirected By: Jay Roach#45Dumb and Dumber (1994) 68%#45Adjusted Score: 71.035% Critics Consensus: A relentlessly stupid comedy elevated by its main actors: Jim Carrey goes bonkers and Jeff Daniels carries himself admirably in an against-type performance.Synopsis: Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels play the title roles (though viewers may find themselves debating which is which) in this... [More]Starring: Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels, Lauren Holly, Teri GarrDirected By: Peter Farrelly#44The Odd Couple (1968) 97%#44Adjusted Score: 100.383% Critics Consensus: Enlivening Neil Simon's crackerjack script with their harmonious rapport, Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau are a perfect pairing as The Odd Couple.Synopsis: In this film, compulsive neatnik Felix Unger is thrown out of his house by his wife. He gravitates to the... [More]Starring: Walter Matthau, Jack Lemmon, Monica Evans, Carole ShelleyDirected By: Gene Saks#43The Producers (1968) 90%#43Adjusted Score: 97.647% Critics Consensus: A hilarious satire of the business side of Hollywood, The Producers is one of Mel Brooks' finest, as well as funniest films, featuring standout performances by Gene Wilder and Zero Mostel.Synopsis: Theatrical producer Max Bialystock has fallen on hard times. In an attempt to acquire some money, Max and his accountant... [More]Starring: Zero Mostel, Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Dick ShawnDirected By: Mel Brooks#42Clerks (1994) 89%#42Adjusted Score: 92.34% Critics Consensus: With its quirky characters and clever, quotable dialogue, Clerks is the ultimate clarion call for slackers everywhere to unite and, uh, do something we guess?Synopsis: When Dante Hicks (Brian O'Halloran) is reluctantly put in charge of the Quick Stop market on his day off, he... [More]Starring: Brian O'Halloran, Jeff Anderson, Marilyn Ghigliotti, Lisa SpoonhauerDirected By:#41What We Do In The Shadows (2015) 96%#41Adjusted Score: 102.891% Critics Consensus: Smarter, fresher, and funnier than a modern vampire movie has any right to be, What We Do in the Shadows is bloody good fun.Synopsis: WHAT WE DO IN THE SHADOWS chronicles the adventures of four vampire roommates trying to get by in a modern... [More]Starring: Jemaine Clement, Taika Waititi, Jonathon Brugh, Cori Gonzalez-MacuerDirected By: Taika Waititi, Jemaine Clement#40The Lady Eve (1941) 100%#40Adjusted Score: 107.338% Critics Consensus: A career highlight for Preston Sturges, The Lady Eve benefits from Barbara Stanwyck and Henry Fonda's sparkling chemistry -- and a script that inspired countless battle-of-the-sexes comedies.Synopsis: In Preston Sturges' comedy, Henry Fonda stars as Charles Pike, the son of a beer magnate who becomes the target... [More]Starring: Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, Charles Coburn, Eugene PalletteDirected By: Preston Sturges#39What's Up, Doc? (1972) 91%#39Adjusted Score: 96.081% Critics Consensus: Barbra Streisand was never more likable than in this energetic, often hilarious screwball farce from director Peter Bogdanovich.Synopsis: With Howard Hawks's Bringing Up Baby (1938) as his blueprint, Peter Bogdanovich resurrected and payed homage to 1930s screwball comedy... [More]Starring: Barbra Streisand, Ryan O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth MarsDirected By: Peter Bogdanovich#38A Night at the Opera (1935) 97%#38Adjusted Score: 111.81% Critics Consensus: Watermelons may go out of season, but in A Night at the Opera, the Marx Brothers' daffy laughs are never anything less than uproariously fresh.Synopsis: Although some purists hold out for Duck Soup (1933), many Marx Brothers fans consider A Night at the Opera the... [More]Starring: Groucho Marx, The Marx Brothers, Harpo Marx, Chico MarxDirected By: Sam Wood#37Adam's Rib (1949) 96%#37Adjusted Score: 99.575% Critics Consensus: Matched by Garson Kanin's witty, sophisticated screenplay, George Cukor, Spencer Tracy, and Katherine Hepburn are all in top form in the classic comedy Adam's Rib.Synopsis: Written by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin, Adam's Rib is a peerless comedy predicated on the double standard. Spencer Tracy... [More]Starring: Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Judy Holliday, Tom EwellDirected By: George Cukor#36Sullivan's Travels (1941) 100%#36Adjusted Score: 105.209% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: In Preston Sturges' classic comedy of Depression-era America, filmmaker John L. Sullivan (Joel McCrea), fed up with directing profitable comedies... [More]Starring: Joel McCrea, Veronica Lake, Robert Warwick, Franklin PangbornDirected By: Preston Sturges#35Caddyshack (1980) 73%#35Adjusted Score: 78.117% Critics Consensus: Though unabashedly crude and juvenile, Caddyshack nevertheless scores with its classic slapstick, unforgettable characters, and endlessly quotable dialogue.Synopsis: An elite country club has to deal with a brash new member and a gopher intent on destroying their beloved... [More]Starring: Chevy Chase, Rodney Dangerfield, Ted Knight, Bill MurrayDirected By: Harold Ramis#34The Great Dictator (1940) 93%#34Adjusted Score: 98.599% Critics Consensus: Charlie Chaplin demonstrates that his comedic voice is undiminished by dialogue in this rousing satire of tyranny, which may be more distinguished by its uplifting humanism than its gags.Synopsis: \"This is the story of the period between two world wars--an interim during which insanity cut loose, liberty took a... [More]Starring: Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Jack Oakie, Reginald GardinerDirected By: Charles Chaplin#33The Philadelphia Story (1940) 100%#33Adjusted Score: 113.812% Critics Consensus: Offering a wonderfully witty script, spotless direction from George Cukor, and typically excellent lead performances, The Philadelphia Story is an unqualified classic.Synopsis: Set among the upper class in 1930s Philadelphia, this irreverent classic romantic comedy features radiant performances by three legendary stars.... [More]Starring: Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant, James Stewart, Ruth HusseyDirected By: George Cukor#32Raising Arizona (1987) 91%#32Adjusted Score: 95.411% Critics Consensus: A terrifically original, eccentric screwball comedy, Raising Arizona may not be the Coens' most disciplined movie, but it's one of their most purely entertaining.Synopsis: Combining influences from Tex Avery cartoons to Sam Raimi horror movies to 1940s B-movies, Joel Coen and Ethan Coen followed... [More]Starring: Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Trey Wilson, John GoodmanDirected By: Joel Coen#31Clueless (1995) 81%#31Adjusted Score: 88.78% Critics Consensus: A funny and clever reshaping of Emma, Clueless offers a soft satire that pokes as much fun at teen films as it does at the Beverly Hills glitterati.Synopsis: Jane Austen might never have imagined that her 1816 novel Emma could be turned into a fresh and satirical look... [More]Starring: Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash, Brittany Murphy, Paul RuddDirected By: Amy Heckerling#30Annie Hall (1977) 96%#30Adjusted Score: 104.28% Critics Consensus: Filled with poignant performances and devastating humor, Annie Hall represents a quantum leap for Woody Allen and remains an American classic.Synopsis: \"Annie Hall\" is a comical look at the up and down relationship between a New York City TV writer and... [More]Starring: Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Tony Roberts, Paul SimonDirected By: Woody Allen#29His Girl Friday (1940) 98%#29Adjusted Score: 106.386% Critics Consensus: Anchored by stellar performances from Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell, His Girl Friday is possibly the definitive screwball romantic comedy.Synopsis: The second screen version of the Ben Hecht/Charles MacArthur play The Front Page, His Girl Friday changed hard-driving newspaper reporter... [More]Starring: Cary Grant, Rosalind Russell, Gene Lockhart, Helen MackDirected By: Howard Hawks#28Withnail and I (1987) 94%#28Adjusted Score: 96.358% Critics Consensus: Richard E. Grant and Paul McGann prove irresistibly hilarious as two misanthropic slackers in Withnail and I, a biting examination of artists living on the fringes of prosperity and good taste.Synopsis: Screenwriter Bruce Robinson made his directorial debut with this British comedy. Withnail (Richard E. Grant) is an unsuccessful, pill-popping actor;... [More]Starring: Richard E. Grant, Paul McGann, Richard Griffiths, Ralph BrownDirected By: Bruce Robinson#27Trading Places (1983) 88%#27Adjusted Score: 91.88% Critics Consensus: Featuring deft interplay between Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd, Trading Places is an immensely appealing social satire.Synopsis: The \"nature-nurture\" theory that motivated so many Three Stooges comedies is the basis of John Landis's hit comedy. The fabulously... [More]Starring: Dan Aykroyd, Eddie Murphy, Ralph Bellamy, Don AmecheDirected By: John Landis#26Bridesmaids (2011) 90%#26Adjusted Score: 99.462% Critics Consensus: A marriage of genuine characters, gross out gags, and pathos, Bridesmaids is a female-driven comedy that refuses to be boxed in as Kristen Wiig emerges as a real star.Synopsis: This spring, Universal Pictures and producer Judd Apatow (Knocked Up, The 40-Year-Old Virgin) invite you to experience Bridesmaids. Kristen Wiig... [More]Starring: Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Rose Byrne, Wendi McLendon-CoveyDirected By: Paul Feig#25Young Frankenstein (1974) 94%#25Adjusted Score: 101.371% Critics Consensus: Made with obvious affection for the original, Young Frankenstein is a riotously silly spoof featuring a fantastic performance by Gene Wilder.Synopsis: In this spoof of Mary Shelley's gothic tale, the grandson of Victor Frankenstein, a neurosurgeon, has spent his life living... [More]Starring: Gene Wilder, Peter Boyle, Marty Feldman, Madeline KahnDirected By: Mel Brooks#24Shaun of the Dead (2004) 92%#24Adjusted Score: 98.053% Critics Consensus: Shaun of the Dead cleverly balances scares and witty satire, making for a bloody good zombie movie with loads of wit.Synopsis: It's often said that the true character of a man is only revealed in times of dire crisis, and for... [More]Starring: Simon Pegg, Kate Ashfield, Nick Frost, Lucy DavisDirected By: Edgar Wright#23The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (1988) 88%#23Adjusted Score: 91.878% Critics Consensus: The Naked Gun is loaded chock full of gags that are goofy, unapologetically crass, and ultimately hilarious.Synopsis: Seeking vengeance when his partner (Simpson) is shot full of holes by drug dealers, Lt. Frank Drebin searches for the... [More]Starring: Leslie Nielsen, Priscilla Presley, Ricardo Montalban, George KennedyDirected By: David Zucker#22The Blues Brothers (1980) 73%#22Adjusted Score: 81.227% Critics Consensus: Too over the top for its own good, but ultimately rescued by the cast's charm, director John Landis' grace, and several soul-stirring musical numbers.Synopsis: Expanding on their Saturday Night Live characters, John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd star as Jake and Elwood Blues, two white... [More]Starring: John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, James Brown (II), Cab CallowayDirected By: John Landis#21Coming to America (1988) 72%#21Adjusted Score: 75.617% Critics Consensus: Eddie Murphy was in full control at this point, starkly evident in Coming to America's John Landis' coasting direction.Synopsis: Coming to America casts comedian Eddie Murphy as pampered African prince Akeem, who rebels against an arranged marriage and heads... [More]Starring: Eddie Murphy, Arsenio Hall, James Earl Jones, John AmosDirected By: John Landis#20Monty Python's Life of Brian (1979) 95%#20Adjusted Score: 100.658% Critics Consensus: One of the more cutting-edge films of the 1970s, this religious farce from the classic comedy troupe is as poignant as it is funny and satirical.Synopsis: Monty Python delivers the group's sharpest and smartest satire of both religion and Hollywood's epic films. Set in 33 A.D.... [More]Starring: Graham Chapman, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, John CleeseDirected By: Terry Jones#19The Jerk (1979) 83%#19Adjusted Score: 86.136% Critics Consensus: Crude, crass, and oh so quotable, The Jerk is nothing short of an all-out comedic showcase for Steve Martin.Synopsis: Carl Reiner directs Steve Martin (who co-wrote the script with Carl Gottlieb) in this gag-laden comedy about an idiotic white... [More]Starring: Steve Martin, Bernadette Peters, Catlin Adams, Mabel KingDirected By: Carl Reiner#18The General (1927) 93%#18Adjusted Score: 97.386% Critics Consensus: Brilliantly filmed and fueled with classic physical comedy, The General captures Buster Keaton at his timeless best.Synopsis: Buster Keaton plays Johnny Gray, a Southern railroad engineer who loves his train engine, The General, almost as much as... [More]Starring: Marion Mack, Joseph Keaton, Glen Cavender, Richard AllenDirected By: Clyde Bruckman, Buster Keaton#17The Thin Man (1934) 98%#17Adjusted Score: 106.93% Critics Consensus: Featuring an involving mystery and sparkling repartee between William Powell and Myrna Loy, The Thin Man is an endlessly charming romp.Synopsis: In this film, Edward Ellis plays a mean-spirited inventor. The recently-divorced Ellis discovers that his new girlfriend has stolen $50,000... [More]Starring: William Powell, Myrna Loy, Maureen O'Sullivan, Nat PendletonDirected By: W.S. Van Dyke#16This Is Spinal Tap (1984) 95%#16Adjusted Score: 100.029% Critics Consensus: Smartly directed, brilliantly acted, and packed with endlessly quotable moments, This Is Spinal Tap is an all-time comedy classic.Synopsis: A spoof about a filmmaker making a documentary about a once-famous, now almost forgotten British heavy metal band returning to... [More]Starring: Michael McKean, Andrew Divoff, Christopher Guest, Rob ReinerDirected By: Rob Reiner#15National Lampoon's Animal House (1978) 90%#15Adjusted Score: 95.208% Critics Consensus: The talents of director John Landis and Saturday Night Live's irrepressible John Belushi conspired to create a rambunctious, subversive college comedy that continues to resonate.Synopsis: Director John Landis put himself on the map with this low-budget, fabulously successful comedy, which made a then-astounding 62 million... [More]Starring: John Belushi, Tim Matheson, Peter Riegert, Tom HulceDirected By: John Landis#14Blazing Saddles (1974) 88%#14Adjusted Score: 94.264% Critics Consensus: Daring, provocative, and laugh-out-loud funny, Blazing Saddles is a gleefully vulgar spoof of Westerns that marks a high point in Mel Brooks' storied career.Synopsis: Vulgar, crude, and occasionally scandalous in its racial humor, this hilarious bad-taste spoof of Westerns, co-written by Richard Pryor, features... [More]Starring: Cleavon Little, Gene Wilder, Harvey Korman, Madeline KahnDirected By: Mel Brooks#13Bringing Up Baby (1938) 93%#13Adjusted Score: 102.607% Critics Consensus: With Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant at their effervescent best, Bringing Up Baby is a seamlessly assembled comedy with enduring appeal.Synopsis: Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant star in this inspired comedy about a madcap heiress with a pet leopard who meets... [More]Starring: Katharine Hepburn, Cary Grant, Charlie Ruggles, Charles RugglesDirected By: Howard Hawks#12Modern Times (1936) 98%#12Adjusted Score: 119.705% Critics Consensus: A slapstick skewering of industrialized America, Modern Times is as politically incisive as it is laugh-out-loud hilarious.Synopsis: This episodic satire of the Machine Age is considered Charles Chaplin's last \"silent\" film, although Chaplin uses sound, vocal, and... [More]Starring: Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Chester ConklinDirected By: Charles Chaplin#11The Apartment (1960) 93%#11Adjusted Score: 102.144% Critics Consensus: Director Billy Wilder's customary cynicism is leavened here by tender humor, romance, and genuine pathos.Synopsis: Widely regarded as a comedy in 1960, The Apartment seems more melancholy with each passing year. Jack Lemmon plays C.C.... [More]Starring: Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray WalstonDirected By: Billy Wilder#10Groundhog Day (1993) 96%#10Adjusted Score: 102.577% Critics Consensus: Smart, sweet, and inventive, Groundhog Day highlights Murray's dramatic gifts while still leaving plenty of room for laughs.Synopsis: Bill Murray plays Phil, a TV weatherman working for a local station in Pennsylvania but convinced that national news stardom... [More]Starring: Bill Murray, Andie MacDowell, Chris Elliott, Stephen TobolowskyDirected By: Harold Ramis#9The Princess Bride (1987) 97%#9Adjusted Score: 103.183% Critics Consensus: A delightfully postmodern fairy tale, The Princess Bride is a deft, intelligent mix of swashbuckling, romance, and comedy that takes an age-old damsel-in-distress story and makes it fresh.Synopsis: Robin Wright and Cary Elwes star in this fairytale adventure about a beautiful princess and the gallant hero who rescues... [More]Starring: Cary Elwes, Robin Wright, Mandy Patinkin, Chris SarandonDirected By: Rob Reiner#8Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964) 98%#8Adjusted Score: 107.141% Critics Consensus: Stanley Kubrick's brilliant Cold War satire remains as funny and razor-sharp today as it was in 1964.Synopsis: In 1964, with the Cuban Missile Crisis fresh in viewers' minds, the Cold War at its frostiest, and the hydrogen... [More]Starring: Peter Sellers, George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Keenan WynnDirected By: Stanley Kubrick#7Duck Soup (1933) 91%#7Adjusted Score: 100.332% Critics Consensus: Fueled by inspired silliness and blessed with some of the Marx brothers' most brilliant work, Duck Soup is one of its -- or any -- era's finest comedies.Synopsis: Arguably the Marx Brothers' funniest film, this comedy masterpiece contains several famous scenes, including the hilarious mirror sequence. A wealthy... [More]Starring: Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, Harpo Marx, Zeppo MarxDirected By: Leo McCarey#6The Big Lebowski (1998) 83%#6Adjusted Score: 88.992% Critics Consensus: Typically stunning visuals and sharp dialogue from the Coen Brothers, brought to life with strong performances from Goodman and Bridges.Synopsis: The plot of this Raymond Chandler-esque comedy crime caper from the Coen Brothers (Joel Coen and Ethan Coen) pivots around... [More]Starring: Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Julianne Moore, Steve BuscemiDirected By: Joel Coen#5It Happened One Night (1934) 99%#5Adjusted Score: 120.4% Critics Consensus: Capturing its stars and director at their finest, It Happened One Night remains unsurpassed by the countless romantic comedies it has inspired.Synopsis: Frank Capra's seminal screwball comedy, which won all five major Academy Awards for 1934, is still as breezy and beguiling... [More]Starring: Claudette Colbert, Clark Gable, Walter Connolly, Jason ThomasDirected By: Frank Capra#4Some Like It Hot (1959) 95%#4Adjusted Score: 102.606% Critics Consensus: Some Like It Hot: A spry, quick-witted farce that never drags.Synopsis: Two Struggling musicians witness the St. Valentine's Day Massacre and are now on the run from the Mob. Jerry and... [More]Starring: Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George RaftDirected By: John Huston, Billy Wilder#3Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975) 97%#3Adjusted Score: 105.426% Critics Consensus: A cult classic as gut-bustingly hilarious as it is blithely ridiculous, Monty Python and the Holy Grail has lost none of its exceedingly silly charm.Synopsis: From its opening multi-language titles (that sure looks like Swedish) to the closing arrest of the entire Dark Ages cast... [More]Starring: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry JonesDirected By: Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones#2Airplane! (1980) 97%#2Adjusted Score: 103.05% Critics Consensus: Though unabashedly juvenile and silly, Airplane! is nevertheless an uproarious spoof comedy full of quotable lines and slapstick gags that endure to this day.Synopsis: This spoof of the Airport series of disaster movies relies on ridiculous sight gags, groan-inducing dialogue, and deadpan acting --... [More]Starring: Robert Hays, Julie Hagerty, Lloyd Bridges, Leslie NielsenDirected By: David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, Jim Abrahams#1City Lights (1931) 98%#1Adjusted Score: 105.402% Critics Consensus: One of the best underdog romance movies ever, with an ending that will light up any heart.Synopsis: A homeless tramp befriends a lovely blind flower seller and convinces her he is a millionaire while he secretly labors... [More]Starring: Charles Chaplin, Virginia Cherrill, Harry Myers, Virginia CherrillDirected By: Charles Chaplin","section":"All-Time Lists","tags":"Horror, Shudder","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/14101920/RT_140_ESSENTIAL_COMEDIES_600x314.jpg","slug":"essential-comedy-movies"},{"id":"47509167168686","title":"Historic Cinerama Dome Theater in Los Angeles to Shut Down, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Historic Cinerama Dome Theater in Los Angeles to Shut Down, and More Movie NewsNew projects for Hugh Jackman and Laura Dern, Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumolo, Mads Mikkelsen, Cate Blanchett, Lucy Liu, and more.by Greg Dean Schmitz | April 16, 2021 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup brings you more headlines from the world of film development news, covering such titles as Aquaman 2, Indiana Jones 5, and The Toxic Avenger.This WEEK’S TOP STORYHISTORIC CINERAMA DOME THEATER IN LOS ANGELES SHUTTING DOWN(Photo by Genaro Molina/Getty Images)As COVID-19 vaccines continue to roll out, many states are currently lifting restrictions on movie theaters, as the film exhibition industry attempts to recover from what was basically a missing year. That return to normalcy faced a drastic road block in the western states this week as the Arclight Cinemas and Pacific Theatres chains announced that they will not be re-opening. This shut down includes the Cinerama Dome on Sunset Boulevard, which has been a Hollywood landmark since its opening in 1963, including an appearance in Quentin Tarantino’s Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood, in which the movie being shown was Krakatoa, East of Java. Filmmakers (including Roland Emmerich, Barry Jenkins, and Rian Johnson), movie stars, and fans alike have been voicing their support this week, including some posting sentiments like “Netflix, You Know What to Do.” This decision to close all ArcLight and Pacific locations comes just a month before movies like A Quiet Place Part II and Disney’s Cruella are expected to finally get the summer season of 2021 going at the box office. There is also a Change.org petition currently running that has over 11,000 signatures. If there is a positive side, it’s that people seem to be motivated to make sure that at least landmarks like the Cinerama Dome will be saved&nbsp;by someone&nbsp;— anyone —&nbsp;and to make sure that this shutdown isn’t repeated at other beloved theater chains.Other Top Headlines1. HUGH JACKMAN AND LAURA DERN JOIN THE SON, THEMATIC SEQUEL TO THE FATHER(Photo by Kristin Callahan, Elizabeth Goodenough/Everett Collection)One of the quiet underdogs in this year’s Academy Awards race is The Father (Certified Fresh at 98%), which perhaps surprisingly earned six Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor for Anthony Hopkins, and Best Supporting Actress for Olivia Colman. French novelist, screenwriter, and director Florian Zeller adapted The Father from his own play, Le Père, and Zeller is now preparing to start filming the thematic follow-up to that film, which is intended to eventually be the second film of a trilogy. Hugh Jackman and Laura Dern are now signed to star in The Son, which is then expected to be followed by a third film, The Mother. Jackman will star in The Son as a busy man whose life is “is thrown into disarray when his ex-wife, Kate (Dern), turns up with their troubled and angry teenage son.” The key role of the son has apparently not been cast yet.2. MADS MIKKELSEN JOINS HARRISON FORD IN INDIANA JONES 5(Photo by Jonathan Olley/©Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)Despite being in some form of development for much of the 10+ years since Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crysal Skull ( Certified Fresh at 78%), we still do&nbsp;not know the premise or setting of the untitled fifth&nbsp;Indiana Jones&nbsp;film, due out July 29, 2022. Last week, Fleabag creator Phoebe Waller-Bridge became the first actor to join Harrison Ford in an unknown role (perhaps as his daughter, or Marian’s daughter?), and director James Mangold (Logan, The Wolverine, Ford v Ferrari) has now added another cast member. Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen, who genre fans might best know as either the Doctor Strange villain Kaecilius or for playing Jyn Erso’s dad in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, has likewise joined Indiana Jones 5 in an unknown role. With two new actors announced, this might be a good time to point out that there have been no announcements yet of any other returning cast besides Harrison Ford. For example, at one point, Shia LaBeouf’s character from Crystal Skull&nbsp;was expected to possibly be Harrison Ford’s replacement in the franchise, but recent developments may have changed those plans.3. CATE BLANCHETT TO STAR IN ACCLAIMED DIRECTOR’S FIRST FILM IN 15 YEARS(Photo by Lisa Tomasetti/©Sony Pictures Classics)If you’re not someone who actively attempts to follow every director’s career, you might be forgiven if it takes a moment to remember what you know actor-turned-director Todd Field from. Field has&nbsp; only directed two films, but both were critically acclaimed, with 2001’s In the Bedroom (Certified Fresh at 93%) receiving five Academy Award nominations (including Best Picture), and 2006’s Little Children ( Certified Fresh at 80%) earning three. Field is now preparing to direct his first film in 15 years, TAR, and he has recruited Academy Award winner Cate Blanchett to star in the film, which in a way echoes Field’s casting of Sissy Spacek in In the Bedroom and Kate Winslet in Little Children. The premise of TAR is being kept secret, except that it’s set in Berlin, and that filming will start there in September. Blanchett will be moving on to TAR after starring in the video game adaptation Borderlands (and as of yet,&nbsp;she isn’t expected to be reprising her role in Indiana Jones 5).4. GAME OF THRONES BADDIE PILOU ASBAEK JOINS AQUAMAN 2(Photo by Priscilla Grant/Everett Collection)Danish actor Pilou Asbaek is probably not what you’d call a household name&nbsp;for most, but if you live with Game of Thrones fans, they probably would recognize him for his villainous role as Euron Greyjoy in the later seasons. Perhaps coincidentally, Euron Greyjoy in Game of Thrones was a leader of house of seafaring pirates and raiders, so it’s interesting that his new role this week is&nbsp; in&nbsp;Aquaman 2, which stars another Game of Thrones alumnus, Jason Momoa. Warner Bros. did not comment on Asbaek’s casting, including any indication about what character he might be playing, but Aquaman’s comic book history has plenty of seafaring characters Asbaek could&nbsp;portray. Warner Bros. has scheduled Aquaman&nbsp; 2 for December 16, 2022, making it the fifth DC Comics movie of that year, following The Batman (3/4/2022), the animated DC Super Pets (5/20/2022), Black Adam (7/29/2022), and The Flash (11/4/2022).5. LUCY LIU TO PLAY HELEN MIRREN’S SISTER IN SHAZAM! FURY OF THE GODS(Photo by Michael Germana/Everett Collection)The title of the sequel to the 2019 DC Comics movie Shazam! (Certified Fresh at 90%) is Shazam! Fury of the Gods, and it appears that the plurality of the Gods in question&nbsp;means&nbsp;we may possibly see several big names in the film. The first star to be announced was Helen Mirren, who will be playing the villain Hespera, the daughter of Atlas (one of the Gods who forms the S-H-A-Z-A-M of his name). We can now also report that Mirren will be joined by Lucy Liu, who will play Hespera’s sister Kalypso (who should not be confused with the Marvel Comics villain Calypso). Neither Hespera nor Kalypso have comic book counterparts, but their relation to Atlas, who gives Shazam! his super stamina, seems like the obvious connection here.6. BRAD PITT AND SANDRA BULLOCK SWAP CAMEOS IN EACH OTHER’S MOVIES(Photo by Elizabeth Goodenough/Everett Collection)Sometimes when we look back at announcements about big movie stars being in a new film, it turns out that it was just a cameo (for example, Matt Damon co-starring in Thor: Ragnarok). One cameo might not be enough to cover in The Weekly Ketchup, but this week, we have the fun story of two stars who basically gave each other cameo appearances. Brad Pitt recently filmed an action thriller called Bullet Train, and Sandra Bullock is about to star in the romantic comedy adventure Lost City of D&nbsp;with Channing Tatum. As it turns out, both stars will show up in each other’s films in cameo roles. Sandra Bullock will make a brief appearance&nbsp;in Bullet Train, and Brad Pitt will&nbsp;do the same in Lost City of D.7. THIS WEEK IN MOVIES CALLED (OR PREVIOUSLY CALLED) MEMORY(Photo by Maria Marin/©Sony Classics)We’re going to cover two separate movies in this piece, because both movies share the title Memory (sort of). Let’s start with the movie actually titled Memory, which will be an action thriller&nbsp;starring Liam Neeson, Guy Pearce, and Monica Bellucci. The premise sounds a bit like a John Wick movie, as Neeson will play an assassin who finds himself a target after refusing to carry out a dangerous mission for the mob. In related news, Ryan Gosling’s upcoming film noir thriller The Actor (which is adapted from the Donald E. Westlake novel Memory) landed distribution this week through Neon, with acclaimed screenwriter Charlie Kaufman on board as executive producer.8. BARB AND STAR&nbsp;TO WRITE CINDERELLA STEPSISTERS FEATURE FOR DISNEY(Photo by Ferdaus Shamim/Getty Images)In addition to fairly straight adaptations like Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin, Walt Disney Pictuires has also included spin-offs about classic villains like Maleficent and Cruella in their continuing live-action remakes of classic Disney animated films. Walt Disney Pictures already gave this sort of treatment to Cinderella (Certified Fresh at 83%) in 2013, but the studio now appears ready to return to the&nbsp;setting. Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumolo are now signed with Disney to write a live-action feature film about Cinderella’s evil stepsisters (possibly not involving Cinderella at all, or perhaps as just a minor character). Wiig and Mumolo, who co-starred in both Bridesmaids&nbsp;(Certified Fresh at 90%) and Barb and Star Go to Vista Del Mar (Certified Fresh at 79%), both of which they also co-wrote, are not expected to&nbsp;appear in this film. It’s also not yet known if any of the cast of the 2013 Cinderella will reprise their roles, including Sophie McShera as Drizella and Holliday Grainger as Anastasia, as it seems likely that this film will have an entirely new cast.9. JACOB TREMBLAY JOINS PETER DINKLAGE IN TOXIC AVENGER REBOOT(Photo by Priscilla Grant/Everett Collection)We’ve known for a while that Peter Dinklage is going to star in the big-budget remake of the ultra-low-budget Troma film The Toxic Avenger, but this week’s news gave us a new hint about exactly how different this version of The Toxic Avenger might be. The second cast member confirmed to star&nbsp;in The Toxic Avenger is Jacob Tremblay (Room), who is now 14, with the suggestion in this news item that&nbsp;he might be playing Toxie’s son, who the Toxic Avenger must race to rescue as he learns how to use his newfound chemically endowed size and strength. The reason this is a pretty major departure is that in the original film, Melvin, the janitor who becomes The Toxic Avenger, did not have a son and was basically a much-maligned social outcast. Jacob Tremblay will also soon be heard (but probably not seen) as the voice of Flounder in Disney’s live-action remake of The Little Mermaid, starring Halle Bailey.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Pacific, IFC, breaking, archives, Tomatazos, Rocky, documentary, renewals, Sabrina, movies, Nat","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/16153804/Cinerma_Dome_Ketchup-Rep.jpg","slug":"historic-cinerama-dome-theater-in-los-angeles-to-shut-down-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509173441769","title":"Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson Reunite with In Bruges Director Martin McDonagh for New Film, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson Reunite with In Bruges Director Martin McDonagh for New Film, and More Movie NewsEli Roth journeys to the Borderlands, Dexter Fletcher reboots The Saint, Paw Patrol hits the big screen, and new roles for Liam Neeson, Jennifer Lawrence, Tiffany Haddish, Willem Dafoe, and the First Wives Club.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 21, 2020 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup brings you 11 headlines from the world of film development news (the stories about what movies Hollywood is working on for you next), covering new roles for stars like Colin Farrell, Tiffany Haddish, and Jennifer Lawrence.This WEEK’S TOP STORYCOLIN FARRELL AND BRENDAN GLEESON REUNITE WITH&nbsp;IN BRUGES DIRECTOR&nbsp;MARTIN MCDONAGH FOR NEW FILM(Photo by Focus Features courtesy Everett Collection)It’s now been a little over two years since the release of Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri&nbsp;(Certified Fresh at 90%), which went on to receive six Academy Award nominations (and two wins for Best Actress for Frances McDormand and Best Supporting Actor for Sam Rockwell). That film’s director, Martin McDonagh&nbsp;(In Bruges, Seven Psychopaths), is now getting ready for his fifth film as writer and director, and he’s getting there by reuniting his In Bruges stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson. Reportedly to be titled&nbsp;The Banshees of Inisheer, the drama will be set on a remote Irish isle, as “two lifelong friends… find themselves at an impasse when one abruptly ends their relationship with alarming consequences for both of them.” Filming of The Banshees of Inisheer is scheduled this summer, probably aiming for a 2021 release, and the film&nbsp;will reportedly be adapted from the third play in a series&nbsp;that includes The Cripple of Inishmann and The Lieutenant of Inishmore.Other Top Headlines1. MOVE OVER AVATAR – THE BORDERLANDS MOVIE WILL TAKE US TO ANOTHER PANDORA(Photo by 2K Games)It was almost certainly a coincidence, but the Greek mythological character Pandora&nbsp;provided the name for two different alien planets in billion-dollar properties that started in 2009. James Cameron’s sci-fi film Avatar ($2.79 billion worldwide) is soon going to get a series of sequels starting with Avatar 2 (12/17/2021), and the other is Borderlands, which, with the recent release of Borderlands 3, has topped $1 billion in video game sales. The comparisons may end there, as Borderlands is more influenced by properties like the Mad Max movies and the Fallout video game franchise. Following the recent box office successes of video game adaptations like Pokémon Detective Pikachu (Fresh at 69%, $433 million worldwide) and last week’s&nbsp;Sonic the Hedgehog (Fresh at 63%,&nbsp;$58 million in its opening weekend), it appears that Hollywood might keep developing more video game adaptations. Horror director Eli Roth&nbsp;(Hostel, Cabin Fever) is now attached to direct a Borderlands movie for Lionsgate&nbsp;based on the popular first-person shooter franchise from 2K Games, with filming expected to start later in 2020. Former Marvel executive and producer Avi Arad (Iron Man, Spider-Man) will co-produce&nbsp;Borderlands with his son Ari Arad (Ghost in the Shell). The video game franchise was adapted&nbsp;by screenwriter Craig Mazin, who won two Emmy awards for HBO’s Chernobyl.2. DON’T LOOK UP, JENNIFER LAWRENCE – YOU’RE GOING TO BE IN NETFLIX’S METEOR SATIRE(Photo by 20th Century Fox)Writer and director Adam McKay&nbsp;got his start with Will Ferrell comedies like Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (Fresh at 66%) and Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby (Certified Fresh at 71%) before recently moving on to more political films like The Big Short (Certified Fresh at 88%) and Vice (Fresh at 66%). McKay appears likely to be returning to more traditionally comedic material as his next film will reportedly be&nbsp;a “meteor satire” called Don’t Look Up, which Netflix acquired this week. Jennifer Lawrence is also attached to star in Don’t Look Up, which reportedly has a production budget in the $75 million range. The story reportedly focuses on two scientists who go on a media tour to warn the world about a meteor expected to strike Earth within the subsequent six months, but the reaction is doubt and disbelief.3. ROCKETMAN DIRECTOR TO REBOOT BRITISH CRIME SERIES THE SAINT(Photo by Paramount courtesy Everett Collection)American audiences probably best know Sir Roger Moore for his six James Bond movies from the 1970s and 1980s (starting with Live and Let Die in 1973 and ending with A View to a Kill in 1985). Before James Bond, however, Moore also starred in the British TV series The Saint as the gentleman thief character Simon Templar from the series of novels by author Leslie Charteris. Val Kilmer starred in a 1997 movie attempting to revive the character, but it failed to inspire a new franchise, and Paramount Pictures has been attempting to reboot The Saint (again) for a while now (including a time when Chris Pratt was in talks, but he’s since dropped out). One of Paramount’s biggest hits (especially relative to budget) in 2019 was the Elton John musical Rocketman, and Paramount has now attached that film’s director, Dexter Fletcher, to develop and direct their reboot of The Saint. The latest draft of The Saint was written by screenwriter Seth Grahame-Smith, who is probably still most famous for his horror mashup novels&nbsp;like Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, and Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter.4. SLEIGHT DIRECTOR AND&nbsp;LUKE CAGE WRITER WORKING ON&nbsp;NEW&nbsp;STAR WARS&nbsp;PROJECT(Photo by Michael Loccisano/Getty Images)Something sort of surprising happened for Lucasfilm and their Star Wars properties in 2019, as the one that was critically acclaimed and seemingly most beloved by fans was not Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker (Rotten at 52%), but The Mandalorian series on Disney Plus (Certified Fresh at 95%). Also in the last year or so, we have heard repeated stories about Star Wars projects that were shelved, like, for example, the one that was to have been produced by&nbsp;Game of Thrones showrunners David Benioff and D.B. Weiss. The seemingly grey space between whether Star Wars concepts should be theatrical releases or Disney+ releases seems to be up in the air, and not necessarily immediately known for any given project. This week, the news broke that Sleight director J.D. Dillard and one of the writers of Netflix’s Luke Cage&nbsp;are now developing a Star Wars movie, but the news did not come with a clear destination (theatrical release or Disney+ streaming). After so many big announcements that ultimately went nowhere, it might just be that Lucasfilm doesn’t want to keep making a big splash before the movie is actually produced and they know what they have.5.&nbsp;TIFFANY HADDISH, WILLEM DAFOE JOIN PAUL SCHRADER’S&nbsp;THE CARD COUNTER(Photo by Elizabeth Goodenough, Jef Hernandez/Everett Collection)The latest film from writer and director Paul Schrader&nbsp;was 2017’s First Reformed (Certified Fresh at 93%), in which Ethan Hawke played a priest struggling with religious doubt and commitment to his faith. For his next film, Schrader will shift from the church to the casino (sort of). Oscar Isaac went into this week already attached to star in The Card Counter as a professional gambler who finds himself recruited into a revenge plot against a military colonel. This week, Isaac was joined by three more stars, including Tiffany Haddish (as a “mysterious gambling financier”), Tye Sheridan, and Willem Dafoe (as the colonel). Martin Scorsese, who directed early Paul Schrader screenplays like Taxi Driver and Raging Bull, also signed on this week&nbsp;to executive produce the film.6.&nbsp;MARGARET QUALLEY JOINS SCOTT COOPER’S HORROR FILM&nbsp;A HEAD FULL OF GHOSTS(Photo by Daniel McFadden/©Warner Bros.)Margot Robbie obviously had the highest profile female role in Quentin Tarantino’s Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, but the film also boosted the careers of some of its other actresses (including child star Julia Butters, who is now 10 years old). Many of the film’s female stars portrayed members of the Manson Family, and the actress with the largest role within that group was Margaret Qualley&nbsp;(The Nice Guys,&nbsp;HBO’s&nbsp;The Leftovers), who played the young lady who brought Brad Pitt’s character to the Spahn Ranch. One of Qualley’s next projects will be&nbsp;a psychological horror film called A Head Full of Ghosts, which will be an adaptation of a Bram Stoker Award-winning horror novel. A Head Full of Ghosts will be directed by Scott Cooper (Crazy Heart, Black Mass, Hostiles), who will soon be releasing another horror film, Antlers (4/17/2020).7. LIAM NEESON TO STAR AS AN ASSASSIN FOR CASINO ROYALE DIRECTOR&nbsp;(Photo by Maria Marin/©Sony Classics)&nbsp;Last year, Liam Neeson starred in the thriller Cold Pursuit as a snowplow driver, and he also recently wrapped filming on another similar movie, The Ice Road, as a truck driver like the ones on Ice Road Truckers. After so much time spent filming those movies in Canada, Neeson apparently told his agents to get him into a movie that will send him to sunnier climes, because that’s what his latest apparently is. Liam Neeson is now attached to star as a “world class assassin”&nbsp;in the crime thriller Memory for director Martin Campbell,&nbsp;whose past films have included both Green Lantern (Rotten at 26%) and Daniel Craig’s first movie as James Bond, Casino Royale (Certified Fresh at 95%).8. ORIGINAL FIRST WIVES CLUB STARS TO REUNITE FOR FAMILY JEWELSThe BET+ cable network recently started airing a First Wives Club show&nbsp;adapted from both the 1996 movie of the same title and, ostensibly, the novel from which that movie itself adapted. This story has less to do with First Wives Club itself, however, and more to do with the three actresses who starred in the 1996 movie together: Diane Keaton, Goldie Hawn, and Bette Midler. As that movie nears its 25th anniversary (next year in 2021), its three leading ladies are now preparing to co-star in another comedy together. The movie will be called Family Jewels, and it’s described as a multigenerational holiday comedy about three women who are forced to spend the holidays together after the death of the man to whom all three women were once married. The “multigenerational” part hints at a larger ensemble cast, but no other cast members, or the actor who will play their recently deceased ex-husband, have been announced yet.9. ANIMATED KIDS SHOW PAW PATROL COMING TO THEATERS IN AUGUST OF 2021(Photo by Nickelodeon courtesy Everett Collection)Some animated kids shows are able to appeal to adults as well (SpongeBob SquarePants), and others bridge both audiences over time (Dora the Explorer did this, arguably), but then there are shows that seem to pretty much remain “kids shows.” One that seems like it’s still solidly in the “just for kids” category (after seven seasons) is Nickelodeon’s PAW Patrol. The show centers on a young boy who teams up with a variety of different dogs (some of whom can fly or have other cyborg parts)&nbsp;for a wide range of different rescue-related adventures. Paramount and Nickelodeon are now developing&nbsp;a CGI-animated feature-length Paw Patrol: The Movie, which is being scheduled for release sometime in August of 2021. The only other movie currently scheduled for that month is James Gunn’s The Suicide Squad (8/6/2021). PAW Patrol: The Movie will be directed by Cal Brunker, whose previous animated features include The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature (Rotten at 14%), Escape from Planet Earth (Rotten at 35%), and Arctic Dogs (Rotten at 13%).10. ORPHAN TO GET PREQUEL FROM DIRECTOR OF&nbsp;BRAHMS: THE BOY II(Photo by Warner Bros. courtesy Everett Collection)The review embargo for this week’s horror sequel Brahms: The Boy II wasn’t lifted until today, and the film’s Rotten Tomatometer score&nbsp;might offer a hint as to why. Getting ahead of the film’s release, director William Brent Bell was able to get two other projects in the news this week before the&nbsp;reviews hit. The higher profile project is another follow up to a horror movie from a few years ago, except that this one is a prequel, and the movie it’s following is far longer ago than 2015’s The Boy. Bell will next direct&nbsp;Esther, which will be a prequel to the 2009 horror film Orphan (Rotten at 56%). That role will almost certainly have to be recast, because Isabelle Fuhrmann, who played Esther in Orphan, is now 22 years old, and unlikely to pull off playing a nine-year-old girl again (especially in a prequel). Filming of Esther is expected to start in the third quarter of 2020, which means it will probably be released sometime in 2021. William Brent Bell is also attached to direct&nbsp;Lord of Misrule, which is described as being a contemporary “folk horror” film in the style of Midsommar or The Wicker Man.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Us, aliens, Amazon, Nominations, Classic, history, Binge, TCM, John, motion","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/21124507/In_Bruges_Ketchup_Rep.jpg","slug":"colin-farrell-and-brendan-gleeson-reunite-with-in-bruges-director-martin-mcdonagh-for-new-film-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47508929000512","title":"Red Carpet: Pick Your Favorites with Kendall Jenner, Selena Gomez, Gisele and More","content":"Red Carpet Roundupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Red Carpet: Pick Your Favorites with Kendall Jenner, Selena Gomez, Gisele and Moreby RT Staff | May 5, 2017 |  CommentsWelcome to the 2017 Met Gala and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 red carpet: Who’s got your favorite looks this week?","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"The, facebook, rotten, talk, National, Returns, Disney","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/05124846/600RCRMet.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-pick-your-favorites-with-kendall-jenner-selena-gomez-gisele-and-more"},{"id":"47611699898463","title":"Sam Neill Says Jurassic World: Dominion Co-Star Chris Pratt Showed Him a Thing Or Two About Being An Action Star","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Sam Neill Says Jurassic World: Dominion Co-Star Chris Pratt Showed Him a Thing Or Two About Being An Action StarPromoting new \"feel-better\" film Rams, Neill drops hints about the upcoming dino pic, reflects on Event Horizon – he, too, wants to see the director's cut! – and talks the joy of animals and the ukulele.by Joel Meares | February 4, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by Ian Brodie)Sam Neill‘s latest film resonates in ways its makers may not have expected when they were shooting in remote Western Australia two years ago. Rams, adapted from the acclaimed 2015 Icelandic film of the same name, follows two rival sheep-farming brothers –&nbsp;played by Neill and Aussie TV and film icon Michael Caton –&nbsp;whose decades-long feud is pushed to the brink when disease hits their flocks and upends their valley community. The movie’s images of towering bushfires (or “wildfires” to American audiences) and quarantine-enforcers in bio-hazard suits strike a particular chord just a month out from 2020, when much of the Australian bush was laid waste by flames and the COVID-19 pandemic pushed the pause button on the world.Neill’s character, too, will resonate with audiences familiar with his work. A stoic and reserved man with a preference for creatures over humans, his gruff farmer Colin, or “Col,” could be Jurassic Park’s Dr. Alan Grant in a kind of blissful pastoral retirement phase. Talking to Rotten Tomatoes over Zoom from his own farm in Otago, New Zealand, Neill laughs about playing “the grumpy old guy” again – though says it was the script’s ability to make him smile that compelled him to sign on. Despite the harsh realities of disease and fire, this is a film that lifts you up by the time the credits role – it’s a “feel-better” film, as he puts it. And for those who have seen the original, this Rams tracks a decidedly lighter path, particularly in its final third.Talking to the actor, you could be mistaken for thinking he was in his own blissful retirement phase. Sitting at a kitchen table, framed by bottles of his Two Paddocks wine and occasionally looking out a window to check on the animals his Twitter followers have become familiar with from videos posted during the pandemic –&nbsp;a hen named Kate Winslet, young calf Laura Dern, her black-and-white mom Helena Bonham Carter, and other farm favorites named after his famous friends –&nbsp;Neill looks very chill as he churns charmingly through a roster of press interviews. But that calm, country-boy exterior belies the fact that he’s at one of the busiest and most exciting points in his career: There’s Rams, upcoming TV series Invasion, and, of course, Jurassic World: Dominion, which he shot last year under strict COVID-safe conditions, and which saw him reunite with Dern (the human, not calf) and Jeff Goldblum.Ahead of Rams’ U.S. release, Neill spoke to Rotten Tomatoes about balancing darkness and laughs, reuniting with his Jurassic Park co-stars and the very “different” world we can expect from the franchise’s sixth film, and why people might want to give the franchise’s oft-maligned and Rotten third film –&nbsp;and the Neill-starring cult favorite, Event Horizon –&nbsp;a second chance.Joel Meares for Rotten Tomatoes: I think when people see your character in this film –&nbsp;a sort of grumpy, quiet farmer –&nbsp;they will draw a lot of connections to your life on the farm and some of the more stoic characters you’ve played in the past. What was it about this character and this story that really appealed to you and made you want to do the film?Sam Neill: Look, I took it on with reluctance because it does have its genesis in an Icelandic film of the same name. I didn’t really want to do the remake. It was also the fourth film back-to-back I did that year – we were shooting this just over two years ago –&nbsp;and I also thought, “Oh God, that’s just too much. I just want a break.”But then when I talked to Jeremy [Sims, the film’s director] and I read the script, I realized actually it was going to be an entirely different film and, therefore, it was well worth considering. When I read the script I thought, “Oh, I think I really should do this,” because I felt an uplift after I’d finished it. And I’m not sure what your audience felt, but it’s not a “feel-good film,” it’s a feel-better film. People feel better when they’ve seen it. I think that’s quite a gift. I can’t quite explain why that is, but it’s optimistic.And speaking of Rotten Tomatoes, I’ve been combing through [the website], because I’m in the Academy….(Photo by David Dare Parker)Uh, oh. This part of the interview.Neill: [Laughs] So I started with Rotten Tomatoes and have gone through working backwards from the hundred-out-of-one-hundreds. And there’s a lot of good material there, but there’s also quite a lot of rather depressing material and a lot of miserable stuff. They’re very good films, but you go, “Oh God, no. Please, no. Oh, no. Oh, no.” I think [Rams] is exceptional in that it’s not one of those.I saw it at a theater during the day with an older audience and they loved it. [Note: The writer is currently in Australia, where theaters are open]. But it struck me when thinking about feel-good vs. feel-better, that a lot of Australian comedies or dramedies do blend those laughs and that humanity with some really dark, tragic elements. You think about classics like Muriel’s Wedding and some of the things that happened in that movie. Do you think that darkness is particular to Australian and New Zealand comedies? Or am I reaching there?Neill: Yeah, that may be a reach. I don’t think it’s unique to us. I was thinking about Hunt for the Wilderpeople –&nbsp;and I played a grumpy old guy in that as well –&nbsp;but Wilderpeople has dark moments, and had very sad things. When the nicest person in the film dies early on in the film, and then the nicest dog dies, these are tough moments, but also reflective of life. There’s no such thing as a rom-com in real life, is there? Life is not a rom-com. It never is.(Photo by © The Orchard /Courtesy Everett Collection)Your Twitter feed feels like a rom-com, sometimes, between you and the animals at your farm. You seem determined to give people a piece of joy in their day on social media. What’s the impetus behind posting these videos of you and your animals, or you and your just-made jam or playing ukulele?Neill: I don’t know if it’s that deliberate, really. I’m partly trying to cheer myself up. We’ve also had some pretty dark moments in this last year –&nbsp;really dark. And I think apart from the fact that a lot of the world is in dire danger at the moment, I think the human condition has turned into one of low-level anxiety, low-level depression, if not high-level depression. Most of the people I know have really struggled in the last year or so, and I’m not alone in that. I find I just have to pick up my ukulele, when I can find it, and give it a strum or two, and I feel better. If I can make one or two other people feel slightly better, then I’ve done something good that day.But, no, I don’t have any particular mission or anything. It’s never been a deliberate course. It just organically happened this year, and it was very diverting in lockdown to make those little “Cinema Quarantino” films, because I found that all my friends, the ones that could be bothered to get out of the chair and do something, were really looking for something to do. [Editor’s note: Sam teamed up with celebrity friends to film shorts he released on Twitter, including one hilarious short featuring Helena Bonham Carter as a jealous and foul-mouthed iPhone.]They were very diverting. And the idea was that they would be badly made good little films, where no one gives a f–k about continuity. Someone put it rather inconveniently recently that I think it’s 50 years now that I’ve been on celluloid in one way or another. So, my whole life has been circumscribed by continuity. It’s good to abandon continuity, throw the bloody thing out the window.#KateWinslet and chicks. What a great Mum… pic.twitter.com/L7AiNvz3xZ— Sam Neill (@TwoPaddocks) January 22, 2021What we see a lot of on your social media is something we also see in this character in Rams, which is this real beautiful relationship with animals. He finds it hard to express himself to his brother and his love interest, but when it comes to his sheep, there’s a lot of love. What is it about animals that can really draw out emotions in certain men who perhaps can’t connect with those around them? Not saying you’re particularly like that, but the character.Neill: Look, I find that true of so many people I know. [For me], it started with my parents. My parents loved dogs and cats and horses, and sheep even. And they were terribly fond of them. And as kids, we never got cuddled. That wasn’t something that happened in our house, but the dogs were always being lavished with affection, and the horses, too. So, I completely relate to that. I completely understand that. And I’ve got a brand-new dog who’s out there, who’s now sulking a little bit because I’m talking to you.Tell her I’m sorry.Neill: She’s called Chuff. She’s a lovely dog. Still very puppy-ish, and just bounds around with endless enthusiasm for everything. I mean, animals can teach you so much. Every day, I get up early – I get up at six o’clock to take her for an hour’s walk. Just her incredible enthusiasm for being alive is a lesson in itself. She’s just going, “This is the best day ever. Wow. And I’m going to jump this fence because I can,” and just having a ball. And I think that’s a life lesson. Every day is a gift, and dogs, and certainly other animals, can teach you the same thing.You mentioned you’ve been on the website. I’m not sure how much you go to your own films, but one of the films of yours that our readers love, and we actually included it in our book Rotten Movies We Love, is Event Horizon. I’ll start from the outset and say that it has a lower score than some of your other work, but in the years since its release, it has gotten a lot of affection. Is that a film that people come to you frequently about? And have you noticed it find its audience over the years?Neill: Yeah. It’s a film that has a very niche audience. It’s a very particular audience. I heard that Paul [W. S. Anderson, the film’s director] was thinking to re-cut it. I know there’s a lot of missing footage that apparently corroded in some cave or something. And I know there are scenes that we shot that never made the film.My main regret with that film was I thought it was cut too fast. I love thrillers and I love the alien dimension to that, that you don’t know what’s going on, that there’s a threat but you don’t know what it is. And I think Paul got a bit bored cutting it, and he cut it too fast. It should be cut, but it should be a lot slower. There should be a lot of silence, because in silence and the dark… there lies dread. It doesn’t quite breathe enough, that film. I’d like to see it re-cut. And I think that particular niche audience would enjoy it more.Interestingly, the critic who wrote about it in the book speaks up for Paul’s very noisy, fast-cut approach, and he talks about how audacious that was. It’s interesting to hear your perspective on that. There is another one of your films in the book, Jurassic Park III, which I personally think is also very underrated.Neill: That’s good. I’m pleased to know that. I was talking to someone just prior to you. We were talking about the genesis of how I came to be in the first one, and in passing, I said, I hadn’t really worked out how to be that kind of action hero back then. It’s a particular job. And there are some people who are good at it and some people aren’t. The job description is: be an action hero in the movie. And I hadn’t worked out what that job is. I’d always approached movies as: play this character.But, actually, when you’ve got an action movie, there’s a different job description. Chris Pratt – I spoke to him at length about this –&nbsp;he’s very good at it and he’s really considered it and worked out what you need to do. And I hadn’t really worked out how to do that until I got to number three, but I think I’m actually better in the third one. I don’t think it ends so well; it ends in a hurry. But I agree. I think it comes in for quite a bit of criticism and that it’s dismissed too easily. I think it’s actually, apart from that last 10 minutes, I think it’s actually really pretty damn good.You shot Jurassic World: Dominion last year –&nbsp;how was it to step back into Alan’s shoes in very different circumstances, I imagine, on set than what you’d been used to? What was it like to be that character and return to that world?It was very interesting to come back into a different world, and a lot of things have evolved, perhaps not to Alan’s liking. And, again, there he is in tandem with Ellie Sattler, and –&nbsp;God almighty! –&nbsp;it’s Ian Malcolm again. So there are a lot of comic possibilities out of all that. Laura [Dern] and Jeff [Goldblum] are dear friends; I am very happy to be back in their company, which was much more substantive than any of us had imagined because we were effectively locked down for the duration, and we were very much dependent on each other’s company for laughs and for morale.And Chris and Bryce [Dallas Howard] are just great; Mamoudou [Athie], &nbsp;DeWanda [Wise], too. It was a really great bunch actually on that film, and I felt very fortunate to be there, particularly as so many of my friends and colleagues went completely off work last year, and in fact their whole careers and lives are in a powerless position. I was bloody lucky to be there. Very fortunate.I’m getting the hard rap, here. So, finally, is there an animal named for Chris Pratt on the farm now?There’s no Chris Pratt yet, but I’m sure I can find a victim.What animal would Chris Pratt be if you had to pick one?I don’t know. They just come to me. There’s Jeff Goldblum up there [looking out of his window] – I can just see him in distance, just up by the power pylon there.What kind of animal is he?He’s a retired ram. He’s got a couple of mates.Rams is screening in select theaters and available on demand from February 5, 2021.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Studios, Fox, Family","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"sam-neill-says-jurassic-world-dominion-co-star-chris-pratt-showed-him-a-thing-or-two-about-being-an-action-star"},{"id":"47508632663394","title":"24 Best and Worst (Mostly Worst) Torture Porn Movies","content":"24 Framesgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})24 Best and Worst (Mostly Worst) Torture Porn Moviesby Alex Vo | October 24, 2017 |  CommentsJigsaw is back in theaters this Friday, bringing back memories of the bygone era between 2004 and 2010 (the release years of the first and last Saw movies) when every horror movie released seemed to fall under the guise of ‘torture porn.’ They involved inflicting the most amount of pain in the slowest way possible, where dark fates could lead to death, or something worse: living on, literally broken in body and mind. Relive the pain with 24 best and worst (mostly worst) torture porn movies pieced and sorted by Tomatometer!Borderland (2007, 100%)A spicy take from south of the border that sagely keeps its torture pornin’ for the gruesome final act.Inside (2007, 83%)A mot juste of French New Extremity, you’ll never look at stabbing a pregnant woman in the stomach with scissors the same way ever again.Hostel (2006, 61%)Featuring lots of guts and gore, Hostel is a wildly entertaining corpse-filled journey — assuming one is entertained by corpses, guts, and gore, that is.Would You Rather (2013, 57%)Though restrained by most torture porn standards, Would You Rather‘s brilliant premise is ultimately harmed by its tendency towards blood and guts.Frontier(s) (2007, 55%)Perhaps slapdash with its aspirations toward message-making, this ultra-gory horror flick nonetheless delivers the bloody goods.Martyrs (2007, 53%)A real polarising movie, this Gallic torture-porn is graphic, brutal, nasty and gruesome and not to everyone’s taste.The Hills Have Eyes (2006, 49%)Faster paced for today’s audiences, this Hills remake ratchets up the gore for the hardcore horror fans, but will turn away casual audiences.The Human Centipede (First Sequence) (2010, 49%)Grotesque, visceral and hard to (ahem) swallow, this surgical horror doesn’t quite earn its stripes because the gross-outs overwhelm and devalue everything else.Saw (2004, 48%)Saw is more than nasty enough for genre junkies, but far too twisted, gory, and shallow for more discerning horror fans.A Serbian Film (2011, 45%)A pointless shocker and societal allegory, a film whose imagery is so gruesome as to leave you scarred for life…or rolling your eyes for 100 minutes.Hostel Part II 2007(, 44%)Offering up more of the familiar sadism and gore, Hostel: Part II will surely thrill horror fans.The Last House on the Left (2009, 41%)Excessive and gory, this remake lacks the intellectual punch of the 1972 original.Saw VI (2009, 38%)It won’t earn the franchise many new fans, but Saw VI is a surprising step up for what has become an intricately grisly annual tradition.Saw II (2005, 36%)Saw II is likely to please the gore-happy fans of the original, though it may be too gruesome for those not familiar with first film’s premise.I Spit On Your Grave (2010, 33%)Well-shot exploitation that has less purpose and utility than in 1978.The Collector (2009, 30%)Increasingly tedious displays of gore make this torture porn home-invasion-horror more programmatic than provocative.The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence) (2011, 30%)The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence) attempts to weave in social commentary but as the movie wears on, it loses its ability to repulse and shock and ends up obnoxious and annoying.Saw III (2006, 27%)Saw III does little beyond repeating its predecessor’s tropes on a gorier level.Saw IV (2007, 17%)Saw IV is more disturbing than compelling, with material already seen in the prior installments.Turistas (2006, 16%)Beautiful scenery and cinematography can’t save Turistas from its wooden acting and stale and predictable plot.Saw V (2008, 12%)If its plot were as interesting as its torture devices, or its violence less painful than its performances, perhaps Saw V might not feel like it was running on fumes.The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning (2006, 12%)The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning is full of blood and gore, but not enough scares or a coherent story to make for a successful horror film.Saw 3D (2010, 9%)Sloppily filmed, poorly acted, and illogically plotted, Saw 3D leaves viewers trapped in the most lackluster installment of the series.Captivity (2007, 9%)Lacking scares or psychological insight, Captivity is a distasteful entry in the ‘torture porn’ subgenre.","section":"24 Frames","tags":"anthology","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/24144152/600Saw3D.jpg","slug":"24-best-and-worst-mostly-worst-torture-porn-movies"},{"id":"47508645466602","title":"24 Tough Bikers from Movies and Television","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Incredibles 2 Is Certified FreshPlus, Tag is mildly entertaining and Superfly is more style than substance.by Jeff Giles | June 14, 2018 |  CommentsThis weekend at the movies,&nbsp;we have a belated sequel to a Pixar classic (Incredibles 2, featuring the voices of&nbsp;Holly Hunter&nbsp;and&nbsp;Craig T. Nelson), some of Hollywood’s funniest fellows trying to touch one another without permission (Tag, starring&nbsp;Ed Helms,&nbsp;Jeremy Renner, and Jon Hamm), and a remade blast from the blaxploitation past (Superfly, starring Trevor Jackson&nbsp;and Jason Mitchell).&nbsp;What are the critics saying?Incredibles 2 (2018)  93%If you’re going to try and follow up an acclaimed blockbuster, you might as well take your time getting the sequel right — and in animation, where time can stand still forever, you have the added benefit of not needing to rush your cast back in front of the camera. Still, after waiting nearly 15 years for a second installment of The Incredibles, fans can be forgiven a certain amount of impatience; while the creative teams at formerly franchise-averse Pixar dreamed up new stories for the characters in Toy Story, Cars, Finding Nemo, and Monsters Inc., the ability to return to theaters continued to elude the superpowered Parr family. All that waiting has finally paid off with Incredibles 2, which reunites the original voice cast for a new adventure serving up more of the domestic turmoil, superhero satire, and brilliantly animated action that made the first one such a hit. It’d be tough to improve on the original Incredibles, and critics say that while this sequel doesn’t quite pull off that feat, it comes impressively close, adding yet another acclaimed entry to Pixar’s already estimable filmography. If you were a kid when The Incredibles&nbsp;came out, you might have kids of your own now — and like all the best stuff the studio has put out, the whole family can look forward to enjoying Incredibles 2.Tag (2018)  56%On one hand, it’s easy to believe Hollywood has long since exhausted most of the reasonable possibilities for comedy that exist in movies about grown men acting like boys. On the other, when you’ve got the Wall Street Journal writing about a real-life group of guys who take a month off every year to continue the game of tag they’ve been playing since they were kids, well, it’s awfully hard to resist the temptation to turn that into a film. Enter the descriptively titled Tag, starring Hannibal Buress, Jon Hamm, Ed Helms, Jake Johnson, and Jeremy Renner as the fellows in question — a talented bunch whose commitment to the story was reflected in the set injury Renner sustained, breaking both of his arms and necessitating some last-minute CGI limb replacements in post-production. It would be wonderful to report that Renner’s suffering came in service of one of the year’s best-reviewed action comedies; alas, the truth is that critics are kinda meh on Tag, which reviews describe as funny and engaging in fits and starts, but ultimately not consistent or committed enough to fully deliver on its premise. Still, this is one talented cast, and even the critical pans say the movie isn’t without its moments, so if you’re in the mood for some arrested development laughs, you may want to check your local listings.Superfly (2018)  51%Released in 1972, the original Superfly&nbsp;helped lead the blaxploitation wave with a thoughtful Harlem-set drama about a drug dealer looking for one last big score; the movie’s trappings may look somewhat dated today, but thanks to Ron O’Neal‘s performance as main character Youngblood Priest — not to mention a killer Curtis Mayfield soundtrack — it still feels fresh. It’s easy to understand why music video veteran Director X wanted to take a shot at updating the story, and its themes are just as relevant as they were more than 45 years ago; unfortunately, critics say those themes have mostly been lost in this new version, which is far more focused on style than substance. Starring Trevor Jackson as Priest, the 2018 edition moves the action to Atlanta, but the basic contours of the story remain the same — which is part of why a number of reviews have outlined pundits’ disappointment with the lost social subtext. This Superfly&nbsp;will make its fortune by and by, thanks to Director X’s way with an artfully arranged scene or set piece, but as is so often the case with remakes, the original still reigns supreme.What’s New on TVThe Bold Type: Season 2 (2018)  100%The Bold Type presents an aspirational yet refreshingly realistic portrait of young women’s careers, friendships and love lives in a big city.Strange Angel: Season 1 (2018)  71%A beautiful slow burn, Strange Angel shoots for the stars, but gets a little lost in its own orbit.Also&nbsp;Opening This Week In Limited Release Eating Animals (2018) , a documentary about the commercial factory farming industry and its various impacts, is at 100%. A Skin So Soft (Ta peau si lisse) (2018) , a documentary look at the lives and gym habits of six bodybuilders, is at 100%. The Year of Spectacular Men (2018) , a coming of age drama directed by Lea Thompson and starring her daughters Zoey and Madelyn Deutch (the latter of whom wrote the screenplay), is at 80%. Gabriel and the Mountain (Gabriel e a montanha) (2018) , about a young man who sets out to travel the world before beginning college, is at 75%. Five Seasons: The Gardens Of Piet Oudolf (2018) , a documentary about the aesthetics and public works of the titular plantsman, is at 71%. The Yellow Birds (2018) , an Iraq War drama led by Alden Ehrenreich and Tye Sheridan, is at 44%. Loving Pablo (2018) , starring Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz in a biopic about the love between drug kingpin Pablo Escobar and journalist Virginia Vallejo, is at 35%. Gotti (2018) , starring John Travolta as infamous mob boss John Gotti, is at 0%. China Salesman (2018) , an action adventure about a Chinese salesman who somehow becomes embroiled in an adventure that involves Steven Seagal and Mike Tyson punching one another, is at 0%.","section":"24 Frames","tags":"Films, IFC","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"24-tough-bikers-from-movies-and-television"},{"id":"47508656001603","title":"10 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This June","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})10 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This JuneLoki is finally hitting Disney+, Rick and Morty returns, OWN's great David Makes Man is back, and Tuca &amp; Bertie shifts networks... here's what you need to binge to catch up for a great month of TV and streaming.by Benjamin Lindsay | June 1, 2021 |  CommentsSummer TV means summer bingeing. And this month, we’ve got 10 series to get ready for. Among them, you’ll see an unusual amount of freshman titles returning for their second seasons – with five Certified Fresh first seasons to watch, total – and in preparation for&nbsp;Loki, we’ve got the rare feature film binge of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. So: Buckle up! 100% Feel Good (Netflix)What it is:&nbsp;From creators Mae Martin and Joe Hampson, this semi-autobiographical series follows Mae (Martin), a recovering addict and Canadian standup comedian living in London, and her quickly blossoming relationship with George (Charlotte Ritchie), highlighting the high highs and low lows along their way to love.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;The first 100% Certified Fresh season may run as a quick, digestible six episodes, but it won’t take long into the pilot for audiences to fall for — and really feel like they know — Mae. Inspired in part by Martin’s own experiences, the series is as intimate and unflinching as it is funny, striking a fine balance between heartbreaking and hilarious. Plus, Lisa Kudrow stars as Mae’s mother, so what more could you ask for! Its second and final season premieres June 4 on Netflix.Where to watch:&nbsp;NetflixCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 3 hours (for the first season) 96% Loki (Disney+)What it is:&nbsp;Tom Hiddleston returns to his beloved Loki in this crime thriller series, co-starring Owen Wilson, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, and Wunmi Mosaku. Much of the series is characteristically being kept under wraps, but what we do know is that it takes place after the events of Avengers: Endgame and follows an alternate version of Loki after he’s created a new timeline and is brought to trial by the Time Variance Authority (TVA), which demands he corrects it.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;If Marvel and Disney+’s joint venture into expanding the Marvel Cinematic Universe via the streaming screen has taught us anything, it’s that no matter what it puts out, these series are going to be appointment viewing. We expect Loki to be just as satisfying a watch as its predecessors,&nbsp;WandaVision and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier, and are recommending you watch all of Loki’s feature film outings to get ready: Thor (2011), Marvel’s The Avengers (2012), Thor: The Dark World (2013), Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), and Avengers: Endgame (2019). Or watch the entire MCU, in order, if you&nbsp;really want to do your homework.&nbsp;Season 1 of Loki premieres June 9 on Disney+.Where to watch:&nbsp;Vudu,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon, Disney+,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;MicrosoftCommitment:&nbsp;Approx.&nbsp;13.5 hours (for all six feature films) 98% Betty (HBO)What it is:&nbsp;From one-of-a-kind creator Crystal Moselle and based on her film Skate Kitchen, Betty centers on a group of Gen-Z skater girls as they navigate the boys club of skating in New York City, personal relationships, and their own coming-of-age.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Utterly unique among HBO’s offerings in both scope and tone, Betty is a showcase for one of the liveliest freshman ensembles in recent memory and an encapsulation of the ties that bind in skating and in friendship.Where to watch:&nbsp;Vudu,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play, HBO Max,&nbsp;MicrosoftCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 6&nbsp;hours (for the first season) 95% Love, Victor (Hulu)What it is:&nbsp;Victor is a teen who doesn’t quite know himself yet, as so many teens are: a high schooler in a new district whose family unit seems to be dissolving while he’s coming to terms with his sexuality, he’s got a lot on his plate! Love, Victor, from creators Isaac Aptaker and Elizabeth Berger, is his story.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;What’s not to love about Love, Victor? A welcome expansion — and in some instances, a subtle course-correct — on Greg Berlanti’s boundary-pushing studio feature Love, Simon, the series is a funny, touching, awkward, and at-times sexy ode to modern-day teendom in all its shades, featuring a standout, grounding performance from newcomer Michael Cimino. Season 2 premieres June 11 on Hulu.Where to watch it:&nbsp;HuluCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 5 hours (for the first season) 99% Tuca &amp; Bertie (Adult Swim)What it is:&nbsp;Tuca &amp; Bertie is an odd-couple comedy following two 30-year-old birds who are best friends and neighbors. One’s care-free to a fault, the other’s too cautious and anxious for her own good.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;No one’s happier than us that Adult Swim decided to pick up Lisa Hanawalt’s Tuca &amp; Bertie after Netflix’s unceremonious cancellation in 2019. Featuring a stacked voice cast led by Tiffany Haddish and Ali Wong — and including Nicole Byer&nbsp;and&nbsp;Steven Yeun&nbsp;— the cartoon rings as true to city-dwelling millennials as any live-action series could hope to. Season 2 premieres June 13 on Adult Swim.Where to watch:&nbsp;NetflixCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 5 hours (for the first season) 94% Rick and Morty (Adult Swim)What it is:&nbsp;Every mad scientist needs a sidekick – this one just happens to be his fretful and largely incompetent grandson. Rick and Morty follows scientist Rick Sanchez after he moves in with his daughter’s family, the Smiths, and as he involves them (and specifically grandson, Morty) on intergalactic, reality-jumping, time-bending adventures.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;From the minds of Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon, Rick and Morty is a show like you’ve never seen before. Brazenly dark and existential while also being charmingly unhinged and laugh-out-loud funny, the series’&nbsp;42 episodes will breeze by in no time.Where to watch: Vudu,&nbsp;Amazon, Google Play, Hulu, MicrosoftCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 15.5 hours (for the first four seasons) 100% David Makes Man (OWN)What it is:&nbsp;From the Oscar-winning screenwriter of Moonlight, Tarell Alvin McCraney’s David Makes Man charts the life and hardships of David, a 14-year-old prodigy from the projects who, haunted by the death of his friend and relied on by his mother as caretaker, seeks&nbsp;a way out to a better life.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;David Makes Man just may be OWN’s best original series to date, and more people need to be watching it. The young Akili McDowell delivers a star turn as David, and the ensemble matches him every step of the way. Paired with creative flourishes and an engrossingly dreamy aesthetic, it’s unlike most anything else on TV. Season 2 – which time-jumps to follow an adult David –premieres June 22.Where to watch:&nbsp;Vudu,&nbsp;FandangoNow,&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;MicrosoftCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 7.5 hours (for the first season) 96% The Good Fight (Paramount+)What it is:&nbsp;Diane Lockhart (Christine Baranski) gets the leading lady treatment with Paramount+’s hit spin-off of The Good Wife. Set one year after the events of that acclaimed series’ finale (and picking up on the morning of President Donald Trump’s 2016 inauguration), The Good Fight follows Lockhart after she’s forced out of her own firm and teams up with goddaughter Maia Rindell (Game of Thrones’ Rose Leslie) and The Good Wife’s Lucca Quinn (Cush Jumbo).Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Sure, if you loved The Good Wife, you’ll love The Good Fight — but believe it or not, Baranski is even more astounding here and finds exciting new shades to the beloved Diane. Fans new and old rejoice. Season 5 premieres June 24 on Paramount+.Where to watch: Vudu,&nbsp;FandangoNow,&nbsp;Amazon, Google Play, Microsoft, Paramount+Commitment:&nbsp;Approx.&nbsp;30&nbsp;hours (for the first&nbsp;four seasons) 97% Bosch (Amazon Prime)What it is:&nbsp;Titus Welliver stars as Harry Bosch, a steely, determined homicide detective keeping watch over the City of Angels in this Amazon Prime original series. Each season follows one major case and strikes the perfect balance between contemporary crime grit and smooth, yesteryear noir.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Bosch may be the best crime series you’ve never heard of. Change that! Co-creator Eric Ellis Overmyer is a seasoned vet of the genre;&nbsp;Homicide: The Movie and Law &amp; Order both earned him Emmy nominations in 2000 and 2002, respectively. He knows his way around the daily dramas of LAPD homicide and proves the perfect collaborator for the source material’s author, Michael Connelly.Where to watch: AmazonCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 51 hours (for the first&nbsp;six seasons) 94% Central Park (Apple TV+)What it is:&nbsp;Save Manhattan’s famous Central Park from condo developers, save the world. And sing while you do it! That’s the basic premise of this animated series from Bob’s Burgers mastermind Loren Bouchard and co-creators Nora Smith and Josh Gad, which follows a family who live in the park as they fend off land developers vying to expand the city’s notoriously in-demand real estate.Why you should watch it: Kathryn Hahn is doing more than stealing the show on WandaVision this year. She’s one of the many voice talents on Central Park, along with Gad, Stanley Tucci, Daveed Diggs, Leslie Odom Jr., Tituss Burgess, and the list goes on! Plus, you’ll hear songs from Sara Bareilles, Fiona Apple, Meghan Trainor, Cyndi Lauper, Alan Menken, and more. Sounds like a recipe for success to us! (And Apple thinks so, too, considering the streamer’s already ordered Season 3.) Season 2 premieres June 25 on Apple TV+.Where to watch:&nbsp;Apple TV+Commitment:&nbsp;Approx. 4 hours (for the first season)Thumbnail image:&nbsp;Patrick Harbron/CBS ©2019 CBS Interactive, Inc. All Rights Reserved; © Marvel Studios 2020. All Rights Reserved; © OWNOn an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"History, PaleyFest, Dark, free, Hallmark, york, comic, TruTV","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/01100242/Binge-Guide-June-21.jpg","slug":"tv-series-you-should-binge-watch-this-june"},{"id":"47508668087986","title":"7 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This November","content":"Binge Guidevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})7 TV Shows You Should Binge-Watch This NovemberDysfunctional families, quirky comedians, and Viking warriors make up some of the best series you should binge this month.by Benjamin Lindsay | November 4, 2017 |  CommentsThe fall TV overhaul may be behind us, but, don’t worry, there&nbsp;are still plenty of&nbsp;must-see shows returning this month. From sitcoms to sex dramas,&nbsp;Westerns to medieval war sagas, there is something for everyone this&nbsp;November. Find out which series you&nbsp;should catch up on.Mom  (CBS)(Photo by CBS)What it is:&nbsp;A family sitcom about recovering alcoholics, teen pregnancies, and other assorted&nbsp;curves&nbsp;life can throw may&nbsp;not sound like it’s mingling&nbsp;with laughing matters, but&nbsp;Mom works! Anna Faris leads as Christy, a mother of two who gets sober and moves to the Napa Valley to start her life anew. Allison Janney also steals the show as her mother, Bonnie,&nbsp;a fellow recovering addict who finally&nbsp;has the chance to be present for her daughter (and grandkids).&nbsp;In that sense, Mom is a comedy&nbsp;about making up for lost time.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;This multi-cam sitcom from industry titan Chuck Lorre&nbsp;is five years strong thanks to the fact that it’s rough around the edges in a real-world way. It’s not too sweet, and it has standout (and, in the case of Janney, Emmy-winning!) performances across the board. They may not be a&nbsp;typical&nbsp;family, but for 30 minutes each week, they will be come a part of yours. Season 5 premiered&nbsp;November&nbsp;2.Where to watch it:&nbsp;Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video,&nbsp;VuduCommitment:&nbsp;Approx. 31 hoursThe Girlfriend Experience  78% (Starz)What it is: Based on Steven Soderbourgh’s 2009 vignette-filled feature film of the same name, The Girlfriend Experience is an anthology drama series about the unexpected and complicated lives of sex workers. Season 1 follows a law student named Christine Reade (Riley Keogh)&nbsp;who moonlights in the profession. Season 2, which will follow two&nbsp;different story lines, premieres November 5.Why you should watch it: While sex alone&nbsp;is likely a titillating enough calling card to pique many viewers’ interest, The Girlfriend Experience is about much more than its elevator pitch implies. Ultimately, it’s a meditation on feminist power, on the relationship between sex and manipulation, and the moral ambiguities of its protagonists’ careers (and those who employ them). Rich with finely realized performances and void of an imposing male gaze (Amy Seimetz is onboard as co-creator, co-director, and co-star), the series’ first season&nbsp;packed an emotional wallop while making you think. Season 2 will boast hourlong episodes (versus last year’s&nbsp;half-hours) and two parallel, concurrently running stories.Where to watch it: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video,&nbsp;VuduCommitment: Approx. 6.5&nbsp;hoursShameless  82% (Showtime)(Photo by Showtime)What it is:&nbsp;While this comedy series has been around for so long that it’s hard to define&nbsp;it without giving away&nbsp;seven seasons of spoilers, but at its core, it’s an hour-long dysfunctional family comedy-drama&nbsp;about six children (led by Emmy Rossum as Fiona) who were forced to grow up too fast while under the watch of their single, alcoholic father, Frank (William H. Macy).Why you should watch it:&nbsp;It’s tricky to strike the balance between broad comedy and aching drama, but it’s a skill that&nbsp;Shameless&nbsp;has perfected since its 2011 debut. Credit where it’s due: Rossum is an absolutely fearless knockout who bests herself season to season. It’s an excellent ensemble, and you can’t help but love the&nbsp;Gallagher family (even when they don’t make it easy), but watching&nbsp;the actress and Oscar nominee Macy go toe-to-toe as the central headstrong daughter and father just gets better with age. Season 8 premieres November 5.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play, Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft, Netflix,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 77&nbsp;hoursLady Dynamite  97% (Netflix)(Photo by Netflix)What it is:&nbsp;As an experienced comedian’s comedian, Maria Bamford finally gets the star treatment she deserves with&nbsp;Mitchell Hurwitz and&nbsp;Pam Brady’s half-hour semi-biographical&nbsp;comedy about a standup comedian who, after a breakdown and subsequent institutionalization, begins readjusting to an ever-changing world and ever-changing mental state.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Forgive the pun, but Lady Dynamite&nbsp;is explosive. It’s brave. It’s mental illness like you’ve never seen before — and in Bamford, it features a leading lady like you’ve never seen, either. With an eye for&nbsp;the surreal, the absurd, and the slapstick found in one standup comic’s everyday life,&nbsp;Lady&nbsp;is wacky, brilliant fun. Plus, it features a who’s who comedy roster of supporting players and cameos that will surely be even more impressive in Season 2, which bows November 10.Where to watch: NetflixCommitment: Approx. 6&nbsp;hoursLongmire  88%&nbsp;(Netflix)What it is:&nbsp;Set in Wyoming’s&nbsp;fictional&nbsp;Absaroka County, this&nbsp;crime drama fits right in with the Westerns of the world, from&nbsp;Unforgiven&nbsp;to&nbsp;Hell or High Water. (Better yet, we’ve gotten to enjoy it for five&nbsp;seasons instead of just two hours!) The pilot picks up one year after the death of our titular hero’s wife, and through his grief, he digs deep into his work and sets his sights on getting reelected to the gold star.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Based on the bestselling&nbsp;Walt Longmire&nbsp;Mystery&nbsp;series, this A&amp;E-turned-Netflix original&nbsp;is built on nostalgia for the all-American hero, and star Robert Taylor as Longmire is up to snuff going into its sixth and final season. Like the very best of classic Clint Eastwood and other gunslinging&nbsp;heroes of yesteryear, Taylor’s Longmire is stoically gruff, reserved, and a helluva shot. Need proof? Look&nbsp;no further than his&nbsp;early-series comparison between the&nbsp;small Absaroka’s issues of crime, poverty, and racism and&nbsp;those found in New York City: “Corruption, violence, greed, and murder — but Absaroka County has something that New York City will never have: They have me.”&nbsp;Good luck to those who stand in his way. Season 6 premieres November 17.Where to watch: Amazon, FandangoNOW,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft, Netflix,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 45&nbsp;hoursSearch Party  95% (TBS)(Photo by TBS)What it is:&nbsp;Part relationship drama, part coming-of-age comedy, part noir-tinged mystery thriller,&nbsp;Search Party is undefinable&nbsp;—but that’s what makes it so good. It’s the story of Dory (Alia Shaukat), Drew (John Reynolds), Elliot (John Early), and Portia (Meredith Hagner), who, on account of&nbsp;their&nbsp;own self-interest&nbsp;and general aimlessness, entangle themselves in the potentially sinister disappearance of their college classmate.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Brooklyn-dwelling millennials have&nbsp;been beguiling subjects for many a film and TV auteur since Lena Dunham’s&nbsp;Girls, but never before have they been so exactingly (and excruciatingly) brought to life than in&nbsp;Sarah-Violet Bliss, Charles Rogers, and Michael Showalter’s incisive TBS satire-crime mystery cocktail. Season 2 premieres November 19.Where to watch: Amazon,&nbsp;Google Play,&nbsp;Microsoft,&nbsp;PlayStation Video, VuduCommitment: Approx. 4&nbsp;hoursVikings  93% (History)What it is:&nbsp;In the mood for a meaty, generations-spanning period drama that has violence, politics, sex, and true-to-history recreations to spare? Look no further than&nbsp;Vikings, Michael Hirst’s brilliant follow-up to&nbsp;The Tudors. The heart of the series is legendary rags-to-riches viking&nbsp;Ragnar Lothbrok (Travis Fimmel), his rise to power, and how he passes that power to his children and their children thereafter.Why you should watch it:&nbsp;Vikings is&nbsp;complex, calculated storytelling at its best. Gorgeous, lush sets and production design, committed and gritty performances all around — it is a wonder that the program doesn’t garner acclaim&nbsp;on par with Game of Thrones&nbsp;(though it certainly draws comparisons). But somehow, there’s a viewers’ pleasure to being in on a well-kept secret. Join the club before season 5 returns November 29.Where to watch: Amazon,&nbsp;FandangoNow, Google Play,&nbsp;Hulu,&nbsp;Microsoft, Playstation Video,&nbsp;VuduCommitment: Approx. 36&nbsp;hours","section":"Binge Guide","tags":"Rom-Com, action, Trailer, sequels, Summer, star, Baby, Legendary, play, TCM, facebook, comiccon, indie, Awards, reviews","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/07143614/RT_BingeGuides_NOV2017_600X314.jpg","slug":"tv-shows-you-should-binge-watch-this-november"},{"id":"47508679632674","title":"The Falcon And The Winter Soldier Resolves One Crisis — But Leave Questions Unanswered","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Falcon And The Winter Soldier Resolves One Crisis — But Leave Questions UnansweredWill fans have to wait for Secret Invasion — or Captain America 4? — to tie up some of the dangling threads from episode 6?by Erik Amaya | April 23, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by Marvel Studios)Name changes are a key part of superhero comics. Spend enough time reading them and you will see as many as four or five characters take the same name — sometimes simultaneously! And as The Falcon and the Winter Soldier draws to a close, we see another name change baked into the story and the credits. It is probably the conclusion everyone expected, but thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic, the series did not wind up completing all of its mission objectives.Oh, and what’s all this about Sharon Carter’s (Emily VanCamp) “old division” coming back online?Let’s take a look at the final episode of the series to see where it soared, crashed into the Hudson, and teased further Marvel developments.Spoiler alert: The following reveals details of The Falcon and the Winter Soldier episode 6, “One World, One People.” Stop here if you have not watched the episode.One World, One People(Photo by Marvel Studios)And like so many well-intentioned young people on a crusade, the Flag Smashers’ plot just puttered out. Reportedly, the series was meant to go in a slightly different direction before the pandemic with Karli&nbsp;(Erin Kellyman) getting her hands on a viral agent and using that as part of her “extortion for a good cause” plan. But the production shutdown forced the series to abandon that storyline entirely in favor of her kidnapping the GRC oversight council (although, it is possible both plans were in play). The thinness of that exchange is palpable even if it led to some good scenes with Sam (Anthony Mackie) debuting his new gear, Bucky (Sebastian Stan) saving people, and even John Walker (Wyatt Russell) proving he can be heroic.In terms of the geopolitical themes Karli brought to the table, though, the series seemingly backed away from them. Sure, Sam brought her underlying message to the GRC council and managed to get some positive movement in that regard, but it may be a little too pat for the complexity of the issues; something both the senator and Sam seem to acknowledge. For the moment, the repatriation plan is off and borders across the world will remain open. The GRC will presumably switch its efforts to helping the returned find their place in the world.At the same time, the global issues the series brushed upon are not as simple as stopping a Mad Titan, and we hope a subsequent series (or&nbsp;even the Captain America 4 feature film reportedly in development) will come back to these ideas. For one thing: the strife these tensions cause could easily be exploited by, say, the unquestioned ruler of Latveria to position himself as global superpower.Then there’s Karli herself, who seemed to be headed down the supervillain path. Even her team of Super Soldiers started to doubt her methods. It would’ve been interesting to see her make the movement more of a cult of personality. But maybe it is better for the Flag Smasher to be an idea than any one person. Provided, of course, Marvel follows up on the idea.“That’s Not Black Falcon, That’s Captain America”(Photo by Marvel Studios)But for all those interesting global issues, the series really revolved around Sam’s emotional journey to accepting the Captain America identity. From the financial struggles Black people face on the regular to the way they are used and tossed aside by the military, the series constantly introduced reasons why Sam might not want to wear the U.S. Flag on his chest. And while not all of the points land as successfully as the others — sometimes you just need Isiah Bradley (Carl Lumbly) to just tell you why things are bad — touching upon these issues is important for both the audience and Sam as a character.For just about any would-be superhero, accepting another’s legacy is tough. In Sam’s case, it’s an even bigger ask as Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) was the epitome of the white American ideal; something he mentioned himself in his speech after the GRC attack. Just in terms of physicality, Sam is not that. But then there’s also the moral certainty Steve possessed. Some of that came from a privilege Sam will never know and as the show acknowledges, plenty of people from across the racial spectrum will never accept him as Cap. That will always be a factor in Sam’s decision making and it makes for a markedly different Captain America.(Photo by Marvel Studios)Perhaps, though, that was always the real point of the show.Meanwhile, it was great to finally see Sam in the suit. Clearly based on the design featured in the Marvel Comics universe from 2014 to 2017, it is a fine adaptation of Sam’s “bird costume” with the stars and stripes. Also, Bucky ordering the suit from Wakanda suggests the wings are vibranium and creates another interesting dimension if the Wakandans felt comfortable wrapping Sam in the American flag. Beyond the racial implications, there is also the issue of colonialism in play. Well, it’s there if you want to look for it.But the real defining “Captain America” moment for Sam was his speech. For the first time since Steve saw him leading that veterans’ group in Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Sam could finally speak with certainty. And though it is easy to read it as the naivete he’s exhibited off-and-on throughout the series — and as we already discussed, it lead to a pat resolution — sometimes things just need to be plainly said. And it’s clear that Sam’s way of speaking won over some people, starting with the first GRC soldier to call him “Cap,” even if Sam will continue to face opposition from all sides in the years to come.Nevertheless, as the ending title card states, Sam Wilson is Captain America.Zemo’s Endgame(Photo by Marvel Studios)While this aspect of the series may not be to everyone’s liking, there is something immensely satisfying in seeing Zemo (Daniel Brühl) accomplish his modest goals. It’s possible he had more to do in the pre-pandemic version of the series, but there is something really quite nice in a Marvel villain wanting one or two things, doing them, and then retiring to the Raft. Far too often, these characters play four-dimensional chess, and Zemo’s direct and simple objective is refreshing.It is always possible, of course, that he has some larger goal in mind. The bombing of the transport containing the other Super Soldiers still feels consistent with his stated goals, but it does leave a question: why didn’t he target Walker and Bucky for destruction?Maybe the play here is safety. He is more secure on the Raft than dodging the Dora Milaje out in the open. And as we’ve seen, he can execute a plot from just about anywhere. But if his great cause is to eliminate all the superheroes, he still has a lot of work to do.Power Broker Watch: Episode 6 Edition(Photo by Eli Adé. ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)Likely shocking no one, Sharon is the Power Broker. The revelation, provided by Karli, may not have been as epic as some might have hoped, but it leads to a few thought-provoking questions about Sharon as a character. First among them: what really caused her to break bad? From her own account, it seems to stem from the fallout of Captain America: Civil War and the aid she gave Steve, Sam, and Bucky. But considering her comments at the end of the stinger scene, she seems purely motivated by profit. And even then, there’s Karli’s comment that Sharon wants to run the world. As with all the previous evidence for and against Sharon being the Power Broker, her motivation is still unclear.Unless, of course, Sharon is a Skrull.Here us out: the Power Broker’s main objective is to get hold of advanced tech — even biotech like the Super Soldier Serum&nbsp;— for the purpose of selling it to bad actors on the global stage. But what if the real intention behind that is to soften the defenses of all the Earthly players as a prelude to the Skrull invasion? We know it’s coming. And to do the Secret Invasion plot properly, characters already have to be switched have to be switched out for Skrull agents. Sharon, as the Power Broker, seems like a prime candidate.It does make you question her effectiveness as a spy if viewers keep seeing her hand before Marvel Studios feels compelled to reveal it, though.(Photo by Marvel Studios)Oh, and speaking of spies, isn’t interesting that the senator at her pardon hearing mentioned her “old division” coming back? If you’ll recall, Sharon was working for the CIA during Civil War, but was previously an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. Which of those acronyms literally contains the word “division?” Since we’re always looking for confirmation of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s status, hearing this mention of the “old division” has us intrigued. Is Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) back in charge? Or will Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.‘s Mack (Henry Simmons) finally make his proper MCU debut?Admittedly, we’re jumping to a huge conclusion here, but Sharon’s own glee at getting access to prototype technology — whether for profit or for Skrull business — suggests the agency is back in some form.Did Bucky Really Do the Work?Debbie DaySo while we’re pleased that Bucky finally Yori (Ken Takemoto) the truth about his son, we wonder if he really did the work required of him? The scene ends ambiguously and though we get the subsequent shot of Yori at the sushi place, it is unclear if Bucky was of any service to him. It was the thing Sam prescribed last week and yet, we don’t see it. Of course, we never really get Yori’s reaction to the revelation, either — anger would be an expected response — so it is all a muddle.Then again, what reaction would be appropriate? Quick forgiveness would feel as pat as the GRC’s response to Sam’s speech and the (justifiable) anger would be a little too melodramatic at this point in the narrative. Nonetheless, with Sam setting up the notion of service last week, we need to see it.Or, perhaps, that’s why the ending title card still credits Bucky as “The Winter Soldier.”The work is not done even if Bucky left Steve’s book “finished” in Dr. Raynor’s (Amy Aquino) office. But considering the series was really about Sam’s emotional journey, maybe&nbsp;Captain America 4 or a subsequent season of Captain America and the Winter Soldier will focus more on the things Bucky still needs to do in order to be absolved.The Contessa, The Agent, and The Falcon(Photo by Chuck Zlotnick. ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)Getting Julia Louis-Dreyfus’s energy into the MCU as Contesssa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine may be one of the series’ most important moves. Though we’ve only seen her in two scenes, her perspective on the Marvel world is welcome thing. But there is still plenty of mystery around her. After her first scene, we suggested she might be working for Fury, but her continued aid of Walker — and the U.S. Agent costume she gives him — leads us more toward the Commission on Superhuman Activities; the group Walker answered to in the comics while he was Captain America. They were more focused on U.S. concerns and objectives and that seems to align with what the Contessa has said so far. Well, at least in as much as she gave Walker his new name, which screams “USA first!” even louder than Captain America.Again, it’s still possible she’s in league with Fury. Although Walker still possesses a questionable mental state, he acquitted himself well this week and having a Super Soldier to throw against the Skrull invasion is in Fury’s best interests. Also, we have to admit, Russell is a welcome presence in the MCU even if Walker vacillates between good soldier and absolute turd. Much like how we’ll never forget that Zemo is an aristocrat, we’re never going to forget Walker’s lies and instability.Also, there are forces besides the U.S. government and Fury who would love to co-opt him for their own designs…(Photo by Marvel Studios)But, finally, we want to mention the next Falcon. Although Joaquin Torres (Danny Ramirez) mainly ran tech support for Sam in this series, his comic book counterpart swiftly took on the Falcon persona once it became available. And considering Sam left his old wings with Torres, it is likely we’ll see the Falcon fly again before too long. And as the MCU has precious few Latinx superheroes, giving him a spotlight would be a huge step. Also, considering how much we liked him the first episode, we definitely need more Torres.The full season of The Falcon and The Winter Soldier can now be streamed on Disney+.SEASON 1, EPISODE 6: \"ONE WORLD, ONE PEOPLE\"  69%Critics Consensus: With epic fight scenes and emotional moments galore, “Truth” fully lives up to the show’s potential – while finally letting Sam grow into his.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"anthology, Guild, DC, BBC, Alien, doctor, indie, emmy, superhero, 2019, YA, Amazon","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/23173439/falcon-and-the-winter-soldier-keyart-600x314.jpg","slug":"the-falcon-and-the-winter-soldier-episode-6-finale-wrap-up"},{"id":"47508688595823","title":"Christopher Meloni Promises Happy! Season 2 Expands the Outlandish, Debaucherous World","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Christopher Meloni Promises Happy! Season 2 Expands the Outlandish, Debaucherous WorldBonkers Syfy series refocuses from Christmas to Easter and explores each character's \"backstory and obsessions, desire, home life, and history,\" Meloni says.by Erik Amaya | March 27, 2019 |  Comments(Photo by Syfy)Christopher Meloni isn’t sure if it takes courage to be part of Syfy’s Happy!The series, in which he stars as disgraced cop–turned–hit man Nick Sax,&nbsp;actively courts the wildest things one can put on broadcast television. For starters, Nick can see his daughter’s imaginary friend, Happy (Patton Oswalt). In its first season, the program introduced a consummate hit man lacking for genitals, a child-snatching Santa who smelled of fecal matter, a corrupt children’s entertainer who services the perversions of the world’s elite, and the sister of a mafia don who traded on his fame to star in a reality television program. But in its eight episodes, it also managed to tell a heartwarming tale of a father learning about his daughter&nbsp;— just in the most blood-soaked and urine-stained way possible.And while Meloni is unsure if starring in the show is a courageous act, he told Rotten Tomatoes ahead of the series’ second season that a show like Happy! has to be “every actor’s dream.”“I think the circumstances are so outlandish. Most actors relish to be in that environment,” he explained.The show’s broad and hyper tone, the result of Happy! comic book writer Grant Morrison and Crank co-director Brian Taylor joining forces, offers a chance to “expand whatever your repertoire is” and build on “whatever gifts you have.” For Meloni, that means going as broad as he can in some scenes, truthful when appropriate, and bizarre when it might otherwise be the least likely choice in a given moment.“There really is no wrong answer,” he said in regards to the sorts of performances both he and the cast bring to the show.To some, Nick Sax&nbsp;seems to be a major departure from Meloni’s signature role as Detective Elliot Stabler on Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit. But those who follow the actor outside of his long tenure on that series will recognize aspects of Nick from some of the actor’s others roles.“Even when I was doing the Law &amp; Order gig, I always relished [my parts] in Wet Hot American Summer or Harold and Kumar,” he said. In both films, Meloni played memorable roles like an unhinged camp cook fond of his sweater and a truck driver interested in a foursome. But even those characters might look askance at Nick Sax. Once a decorated detective like Elliot Stabler, Nick got in with the Scaramucci crime family, started an affair with his partner and eventually lost his family when all of his secrets came to light. Deciding he was happy in the gutter, he spent almost a decade as a slovenly hit man until his latest contract made him a target for New York’s scummiest people.The story expands greatly on the tale told in the comic book by Morrison and artist Darrick Robertson —&nbsp;like the extra problems “Blue” Scaramucci (Ritchie Coster) faced in the first season and his connection to Sonny Shine (Christopher Fitzgerald), the seeming big bad created for the television series&nbsp;— and omits the finality of the original comic. According to Meloni, it was a choice Morrison and Taylor made early on while working out a way to expand the four-issue comic book into both an eight-episode television show and a continuing story of debauchery at the holidays.“[The comic] really centered on Happy and Nick Sax,” he said. “So it was just a matter of fleshing out characters and then saying, ‘What is this world?’ And then with Grant, he actually gave us the cornerstone from which to build and expand.”(Photo by Syfy)That cornerstone may have something to do with Blue’s last scene in season 1, but Meloni was careful to say “we haven’t touched on it yet.”Meanwhile, Nick faces, essentially, a new life for which he is not prepared.“[He’s] trying to his best to mimic how normal human beings behave and how to operate in a normal life,” Meloni explained. “All that while being sober … he’s having a difficult time.”Nonetheless, Nick is trying to turn his life around for the sake of his daughter Hailey (Bryce Lorenzo), who lost touch with Happy at the end of the first season. As Meloni put it, Nick feels he has to “be a straight arrow and be perfect, to not be the debauched [guy] that everyone says.” It will not be an easy task, as viewers will discover in the&nbsp;season 2 premiere.And even as Nick tells Happy he will stay away from violence, violence always finds Nick. Meloni, however, insists it is not his fault.“Have you ever hung out with someone that bad things happen to? You’ll go, ‘That person is a klutz,’ right? Or that person that gets into a lot of car accidents or always is hurting themselves? That’s what Nick Sax is. He is a magnet that attracts bad s—,” the actor explained.(Photo by Zach Dilgard/Syfy)Nick’s magnetic pull goes into overdrive with the start of the Easter season. While not exactly the commercialized holiday Christmas is&nbsp;— and less of a target for jokes about presents, decorations, and the like&nbsp;— the early episodes of the season revolve around a plan to make Easter celebrations more like a Christmas II.And as Meloni noted, Easter is “one of the more bizarre things that we have attempted to commercialize. …It’s the Resurrection of our Lord and Savior for some people, and we celebrate it with Easter bunnies and chocolate eggs — which is an odd collision of competing ideas.”Easter also means a new focus on certain Catholic ideas, as viewers will see early in the premiere episode. And although Meloni said the intention was never to “take a swipe at some organization,” Happy! cannot help but send up the power bases in the world. The greed and hypocrisy of media conglomerates and massive organizations gives the show a darker undercurrent even as it’s meant to make you laugh. With that in mind, Meloni added the inherent humor of both Easter and the wider send-up of commercialized holidays “played well into our characters, like Sunny Shine.”The character, a sort of demented Blue’s Clues host on party drugs, emerged in the first season as the real source of pain in the characters’ lives&nbsp;— not that they realized it before he could escape prosecution. The character’s growing status as the big bad of Happy! was the result of Fitzgerald’s work in the first year. That organic process also led to expanded roles for Lorenzo, Coster, Medina Senghore (who plays Hailey’s mother, Amanda), Patrick Fischler (as the genital-less killer Smoothie), and Lili Mirojnick as Nick’s former partner, Meredith McCarthy.“Just about every actor on the show got expanded by virtue of the work they get first season,” Meloni explained. “Season 2 is really going to delve into everyone’s backstory and obsessions, desire, home life, and history.”It is also going to feature crazy dance numbers, Anne-Margaret as a former star of questionable 1970s cinema, and Sunny’s wildest scheme to date. (Spoiler: It involves exploding nuns.) Does all of that require courage? Meloni still isn’t sure, but he’s happy to be part of it.Happy&nbsp;airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on Syfy.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"Lifetime, Emmy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/27110050/happy-season-2-600x314.jpg","slug":"christopher-meloni-on-happy-season-2"},{"id":"47508698094524","title":"All Ryan Reynolds Movies Ranked by Tomatometer","content":"(Photo by Lionsgate / courtesy Everett Collection)All Ryan Reynolds Movies Ranked by TomatometerEarly in his career, Ryan Reynolds had moderate impact as the face of National Lampoon’s last watchable movie, Van Wilder. And he had enough comedy wattage, even in 2004, to turn a cameo as a skeptical nurse in Harold &amp; Kumar Go to White Castle into a durable internet meme. But for a guy who made a gross-out comedy called Waiting, he’d have to do exactly that until he became a household name in 2009. Sure, prior to that, he would also make Smokin’ Aces and Blade: Trinity, but 2009 saw Reynolds in Greg Mottola’s post-Superbad movie Adventureland, becoming the Merc With A No Mouth in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and co-starring in the Sandra Bullock rom-com The Proposal. The&nbsp;Proposal wasn’t Fresh, but it made a lot of money, and though everyone hates X-Men Origins, no one blames Reynolds for it.And that’s part of his charm: Even if the movie he’s in is terrible, you never end up liking him less. It’s how his rep could survive disasters like Green Lantern and R.I.P.D., while fringe Certified Fresh movies like Buried, The Voices, and Mississippi Grind reminded audiences that this guy had the chops to be one of the biggest stars in the world, if he could just find the right vehicle.We all know what that would be: Deadpool, the profane, R-rated comic book movie that made the fourth wall come crashing down on topics rife for spoofing,&nbsp;like the ridiculous bombast of superhero movies and Reynolds’ own career in Hollywood. Since rectifying his past comic book movie transgressions, highlights in Reynolds filmography include The Hitman’s Bodyguard, Life, and, of course, Once Upon a Deadpool.In 2021, he’s got Free Guy, Netflix’s Red Notice, and&nbsp;The Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard, the latter of which opens this week.&nbsp;To mark the occasion, we’re ranking all Ryan Reynolds movies by Tomatometer!#37R.I.P.D. (2013) 13%#37Adjusted Score: 16.491% Critics Consensus: It has its moments -- most of them courtesy of Jeff Bridges' rootin' tootin' performance as an undead Wild West sheriff -- but R.I.P.D. is ultimately too dim-witted and formulaic to satisfy.Synopsis: Jeff Bridges and Ryan Reynolds headline the 3D supernatural action-adventure R.I.P.D. as two cops dispatched by the otherworldly Rest In... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Jeff Bridges, Kevin Bacon, Mary-Louise ParkerDirected By: Robert Schwentke#36National Lampoon's Van Wilder (2002) 18%#36Adjusted Score: 20.28% Critics Consensus: A derivative gross-out comedy that's short on laughs.Synopsis: The \"National Lampoon\" franchise is resurrected for another politically incorrect collegiate romp with this R-rated gross-out sex comedy. National Lampoon's... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Tara Reid, Tim Matheson, Kal PennDirected By: Walt Becker#35Self/Less (2015) 19%#35Adjusted Score: 24.034% Critics Consensus: Self/less boasts a potential-packed premise, but does frustratingly little with it, settling for lackluster action at the expense of interesting ideas.Synopsis: In this provocative psychological science fiction thriller, an extremely wealthy man (Academy Award winner Ben Kingsley) dying from cancer undergoes... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Natalie Martinez, Matthew Goode, Ben KingsleyDirected By: Tarsem Singh#34Fireflies in the Garden (2011) 22%#34Adjusted Score: 22.935% Critics Consensus: Despite boasting a stellar cast, Fireflies in the Garden is just tedious, dull and predictable melodrama. Instantly forgettable.Synopsis: To an outsider, the Taylors are the very picture of the successful American family: Charles (Willem Dafoe) is a tenured... [More]Starring: Emily Watson, Julia Roberts, Ryan Reynolds, Willem DafoeDirected By: Dennis Lee (III)#33The Amityville Horror (2005) 23%#33Adjusted Score: 28.255% Critics Consensus: A so-so remake of a so-so original.Synopsis: Based on an account from a Long Island man, a tale that centers on George and Kathy Lutz, a newly... [More]Starring: Rachel Nocholas, David Michael GeeDirected By:#32The Change-Up (2011) 25%#32Adjusted Score: 29.625% Critics Consensus: There's a certain amount of fun to be had from watching Bateman and Reynolds play against type, but it isn't enough to carry The Change-Up through its crude humor and formulaic plot.Synopsis: Growing up together, Mitch (Ryan Reynolds) and Dave (Jason Bateman) were inseparable best friends, but as the years have passed... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Jason Bateman, Leslie Mann, Olivia WildeDirected By: David Dobkin#31Blade: Trinity (2004) 25%#31Adjusted Score: 29.563% Critics Consensus: Louder, campier, and more incoherent than its predecessors, Blade: Trinity seems content to emphasize style over substance and rehash familiar themes.Synopsis: Wesley Snipes returns as legendary vampire hunter Blade in this, the third film inspired by the popular Marvel Comics character.... [More]Starring: Wesley Snipes, Kris Kristofferson, Dominic Purcell, Jessica BielDirected By: David S. Goyer#30Green Lantern (2011) 26%#30Adjusted Score: 33.814% Critics Consensus: Noisy, overproduced, and thinly written, Green Lantern squanders an impressive budget and decades of comics mythology.Synopsis: In a universe as vast as it is mysterious, a small but powerful force has existed for centuries. Protectors of... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Peter Sarsgaard, Mark Strong (II)Directed By: Martin Campbell#29The Captive (2014) 29%#29Adjusted Score: 30.418% Critics Consensus: Wan and lugubrious, The Captive represents another atmospheric, beautifully filmed misfire from director Atom Egoyan.Synopsis: Matthew steps briefly into a diner and comes out to find that his young daughter Cassandra has vanished without a... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Mireille Enos, Scott Speedman, Rosario DawsonDirected By: Atom Egoyan#28Criminal (2016) 30%#28Adjusted Score: 34.897% Critics Consensus: Despite the valiant efforts of a game and talented cast, Criminal has little to offer beyond the bare minimum expected by the most undemanding of genre enthusiasts.Synopsis: From Summit Entertainment. The memories and skills of a CIA agent are implanted into the brain of a dangerous criminal... [More]Starring: Kevin Costner, Gary Oldman, Tommy Lee Jones, Ryan ReynoldsDirected By: Ariel Vromen#27Chaos Theory (2008) 30%#27Adjusted Score: 31.562% Critics Consensus: Ryan Reynolds and Emily Mortimer do what they can, but ultimately Chaos Theory is an overly conventional dramedy.Synopsis: After living his life with clockwork precision, a man throws any and all caution to the wind in this freewheeling... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Emily Mortimer, Stuart Townsend, Sarah ChalkeDirected By: Marcos Siega#26Waiting (2005) 30%#26Adjusted Score: 32.552% Critics Consensus: Waiting... is a gross-out comedy that is more gross than comic.Synopsis: A waiter for four years since high school, Dean has never questioned his job at Shenanigan's. But when he learns... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Ron Jeremy, Anna Faris, Lloyd KaufmanDirected By: Patrick Hasson, Rob McKittrick#25Smokin' Aces (2007) 31%#25Adjusted Score: 36.1% Critics Consensus: A violent mess of a movie, Smokin' Aces has some Quentin Tarantino's style but not much of his wit or humor.Synopsis: When a shifty magician turns state's evidence against a Las Vegas underworld heavy, the high price placed on his head... [More]Starring: Jeremy Piven, Ben Affleck, Sharon Bruneau, Andy GarciaDirected By: Joe Carnahan#24Paper Man (2010) 32%#24Adjusted Score: 32.072% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Paper Man is a comedic drama about an unlikely friendship between Richard, a failed middle-aged novelist who has never quite... [More]Starring: Jeff Daniels, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Lisa KudrowDirected By: Kieran Mulroney, Michele Mulroney#23The In-Laws (2003) 33%#23Adjusted Score: 36.575% Critics Consensus: Bigger and slicker than the original, but not necessarily better.Synopsis: When prospective fathers-in-law Steve Tobias and Jerry Peyser meet for the first time to celebrate their children's upcoming marriage, the... [More]Starring: Michael Douglas, Albert Brooks, Robin Tunney, Lindsay SloaneDirected By: Andrew Fleming#226 Underground (2019) 36%#22Adjusted Score: 39.323% Critics Consensus: 6 Underground is loud, frenetic, and finally preposterous -- which is either bad news or a hearty recommendation, depending how one feels about the movies of Michael Bay.Synopsis: What's the best part of being dead? It isn't escaping your boss, your ex, or even erasing your criminal record.... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Mélanie Laurent, Corey Hawkins, Adria ArjonaDirected By: Michael Bay#21X-Men Origins - Wolverine (2009) 37%#21Adjusted Score: 45.692% Critics Consensus: Though Hugh Jackman gives his all, he can't help X-Men Origins: Wolverine overcome a cliche-ridden script and familiar narrative.Synopsis: The gruff, adamantium-clawed Marvel superhero Wolverine strikes out on his own in this X-Men spin-off starring series regular Hugh Jackman.... [More]Starring: Hugh Jackman, Liev Schreiber, Danny Huston, Lynn CollinsDirected By: Gavin Hood#20Just Friends (2005) 42%#20Adjusted Score: 45.209% Critics Consensus: There are moments of mirth in this overly broad comedy, but mostly, Just Friends is just not that funny.Synopsis: When Chris, a likable, high-school loser, finally gathers the courage to reveal his love to Jamie -- the girl of... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Amy Smart, Anna Faris, Chris KleinDirected By: Roger Kumble#19The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017) 43%#19Adjusted Score: 52.262% Critics Consensus: The Hitman's Bodyguard coasts on Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds' banter -- but doesn't get enough mileage to power past an overabundance of action-comedy clichés.Synopsis: The world's top protection agent (Ryan Reynolds) is called upon to guard the life of his mortal enemy, one of... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Samuel L. Jackson, Gary Oldman, Salma HayekDirected By: Patrick Hughes#18The Proposal (2009) 44%#18Adjusted Score: 49.965% Critics Consensus: Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds exhibit plenty of chemistry, but they're let down by The Proposal's devotion to formula.Synopsis: When high-powered book editor Margaret faces deportation to her native Canada, the quick-thinking exec declares that she's actually engaged to... [More]Starring: Sandra Bullock, Ryan Reynolds, Malin Akerman, Craig T. NelsonDirected By: Anne Fletcher#17Safe House (2012) 53%#17Adjusted Score: 60.116% Critics Consensus: Safe House stars Washington and Reynolds are let down by a thin script and choppily edited action sequences.Synopsis: Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds star in the action-thriller Safe House. Washington plays the most dangerous renegade from the CIA,... [More]Starring: Denzel Washington, Ryan Reynolds, Vera Farmiga, Brendan GleesonDirected By: Daniel Espinosa#16Once Upon a Deadpool (2018) 56%#16Adjusted Score: 57.809% Critics Consensus: Once Upon a Deadpool retains enough of the franchise's anarchic spirit to entertain, but doesn't add enough to Deadpool 2 to justify its own existence.Synopsis: \"Fox has been asking for a PG-13 basically since the start in 2006,\" Ryan Reynolds told Deadline. \"I've said no... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Fred Savage, Josh Brolin, Morena BaccarinDirected By: David Leitch#15Woman in Gold (2015) 57%#15Adjusted Score: 62.456% Critics Consensus: Woman in Gold benefits from its talented leads, but strong work from Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds isn't enough to overpower a disappointingly dull treatment of a fascinating true story.Synopsis: WOMAN IN GOLD is the remarkable true story of one woman's journey to reclaim her heritage and seek justice for... [More]Starring: Helen Mirren, Ryan Reynolds, Katie Holmes, Tatiana MaslanyDirected By: Simon Curtis#14Finder's Fee (2001) 60%#14Adjusted Score: 11.573% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: A first feature from the man best known as the host of the hugely successful reality-TV series Survivor, Jeff Probst's... [More]Starring: Erik Palladino, James Earl Jones, Matthew Lillard, Ryan ReynoldsDirected By: Jeff Probst#13The Nines (2007) 65%#13Adjusted Score: 66.302% Critics Consensus: Though The Nines doesn't solidify as well as writer/director John August would hope for, Ryan Reynolds's strong performance makes each of the film's intriguing segments worth watching.Synopsis: Writer/director John August ponders the metaphysical aspects of life and art in an episodic allegory that follows three artists as... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Hope Davis, Melissa McCarthy, Elle FanningDirected By: John August#12Turbo (2013) 67%#12Adjusted Score: 70.923% Critics Consensus: It's nowhere near as inventive as its off-the-wall premise might suggest, but Turbo boasts just enough colorful visual thrills and sharp voice acting to recommend as undemanding family-friendly fare.Synopsis: A garden snail dreams of becoming the fastest snail in the world.... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Samuel L. Jackson, Luis Guzman, Maya RudolphDirected By: David Soren#11Life (2017) 67%#11Adjusted Score: 77.722% Critics Consensus: Life is just thrilling, well-acted, and capably filmed enough to overcome an overall inability to add new wrinkles to the trapped-in-space genre.Synopsis: Life tells the story of the six-member crew of the International Space Station that is on the cutting edge of... [More]Starring: Jake Gyllenhaal, Ryan Reynolds, Rebecca Ferguson, Hiroyuki SanadaDirected By: Daniel Espinosa#10Pokémon Detective Pikachu (2019) 68%#10Adjusted Score: 81.304% Critics Consensus: Pokémon Detective Pikachu may not take its wonderfully bizarre premise as far as it could have, but this offbeat adaptation should catch most -- if not all -- of the franchise's fans.Synopsis: The story begins when ace detective Harry Goodman goes mysteriously missing, prompting his 21-year-old son Tim to find out what... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Ken Watanabe, Justice Smith, Kathryn NewtonDirected By: Rob Letterman#9Definitely, Maybe (2008) 70%#9Adjusted Score: 75.321% Critics Consensus: With a clever script and charismatic leads, Definitely, Maybe is a refreshing entry into the romantic comedy genre.Synopsis: Will Hayes is a 30-something Manhattan dad in the midst of a divorce when his 10-year-old daughter, Maya, starts to... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Rachel Weisz, Isla Fisher, Derek LukeDirected By: Adam Brooks#8The Croods (2013) 72%#8Adjusted Score: 77.219% Critics Consensus: While it may not be as (ahem) evolved as the best modern animated fare, The Croods will prove solidly entertaining for families seeking a fast-paced, funny cartoon adventure.Synopsis: The Croods tells the story of the world's first family road trip. When their cave is destroyed, the Crood family... [More]Starring: Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine KeenerDirected By: Chris Sanders, Kirk DeMicco#7The Voices (2015) 74%#7Adjusted Score: 77.135% Critics Consensus: The Voices gives Ryan Reynolds an opportunity to deliver a highlight-reel performance -- and offers an off-kilter treat for fans of black comedies.Synopsis: Jerry is a seemingly normal man trying to succeed in his new job at the Milton Bathtub Factory. He lives... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Gemma Arterton, Anna Kendrick, Gulliver McGrathDirected By: Marjane Satrapi#6The Croods: A New Age (2020) 76%#6Adjusted Score: 81.318% Critics Consensus: Another agreeable outing for the titular prehistoric clan, The Croods: A New Age may be the missing link for parents between more elevated family-friendly fare.Synopsis: The Croods have survived their fair share of dangers and disasters, from fanged prehistoric beasts to surviving the end of... [More]Starring: Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine KeenerDirected By: Joel Crawford#5Deadpool 2 (2018) 84%#5Adjusted Score: 102.201% Critics Consensus: Though it threatens to buckle under the weight of its meta gags, Deadpool 2 is a gory, gleeful lampoon of the superhero genre buoyed by Ryan Reynolds' undeniable charm.Synopsis: After surviving a near fatal bovine attack, a disfigured cafeteria chef (Wade Wilson) struggles to fulfill his dream of becoming... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Josh Brolin, Morena Baccarin, Julian DennisonDirected By: David Leitch#4Deadpool (2016) 85%#4Adjusted Score: 98.829% Critics Consensus: Fast, funny, and gleefully profane, the fourth-wall-busting Deadpool subverts superhero film formula with wildly entertaining -- and decidedly non-family-friendly -- results.Synopsis: Based upon Marvel Comics' most unconventional anti-hero, DEADPOOL tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T.J. MillerDirected By: Tim Miller#3Buried (2010) 87%#3Adjusted Score: 91.431% Critics Consensus: Wringing a seemingly impossible amount of gripping drama out of its claustrophobic premise, Buried is a nerve-wracking showcase for Ryan Reynolds' talent.Synopsis: A man is caught in a desperate race against time in this claustrophobic thriller from director Rodrigo Cortés. Paul Conroy... [More]Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Ivana Miño, Jose Luis Garcia-Perez, José Luis García PérezDirected By: Rodrigo Cortés, Rodrigo Cortés#2Adventureland (2009) 89%#2Adjusted Score: 96.07% Critics Consensus: Full of humor and nostalgia, Adventureland is a sweet, insightful coming-of-age comedy that will resonate with teens and adults alike.Synopsis: Inspired by writer/director Greg Mottola's own true-life job-from-hell experience, Adventureland stars The Education of Charlie Banks' Jesse Eisenberg as an... [More]Starring: Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, Martin Starr, Sue O'MalleyDirected By: Greg Mottola#1Mississippi Grind (2015) 91%#1Adjusted Score: 95.064% Critics Consensus: Well-acted and steeped in Southern atmosphere, Mississippi Grind is a road movie and addiction drama that transcends each of its well-worn genres.Synopsis: Gerry is a talented poker player, but his gambling habit is getting the best of him. One day, he meets... [More]Starring: Ben Mendelsohn, Ryan Reynolds, Sienna Miller, Robin WeigertDirected By: Ryan Fleck, Anna Boden","section":"Countdown","tags":"elm, america, BAFTA, RT21, Diego, Seed, Netflix","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/23135040/600RyanReynolds.jpg","slug":"all-ryan-reynolds-movies-ranked-by-tomatometer"},{"id":"47508707627044","title":"The Best Korean Horror Movies","content":"(Photo by Well GO USA/courtesy Everett Collection)The Best Korean Horror MoviesEver since the Asian horror remake boom of the 2000s, which saw American remakes of homegrown movies like A Tale of Two Sisters and Into the Mirror, Korea has leveraged the spotlight by releasing acclaimed takes on zombies (Train to Busan), vampires, (Thirst), eco-terrors (The Host) and more. We’ve gathered every Korean horror movie with 60% or more on the Tomatometer and ranked them in our guide to the best Korean horror movies.#15Phone (Pon) (2002) 63%#15Adjusted Score: 16.871% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Ahn Byeong-ju's Pon (Phone) is a psychological horror film. Ha Ji-weon portrays Ji-weon, an investigative reporter who is receiving unsettling... [More]Starring: Ji-weon Ha, Kim Yu-mi, Choi Woo-Jae, Choi Ji-YeonDirected By: Byeong-Ki Ahn#14Hansel &amp; Gretel (2007) 77%#14Adjusted Score: 38.404% Critics Consensus: Ghoulish genre-bending asian horror boasts impressive production design, but an unsatisfactory denouement.Starring: Jeong-myeong Cheon, Sim Eun-kyung, Yeong-Nam Jang, Ji-hee JinDirected By: Yim Pil-sung#13The Wrath (2019) 80%#13Adjusted Score: 18.397% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Starring: Seo Young-hee, Son Na-eun, Lee Tae-ri, Park Min-jiDirected By: Yoo Young-sun#12The Quiet Family (Choyonghan kajok) (1998) 80%#12Adjusted Score: 25.66% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Rejecting current trends in mainstream genres and the conventions of commercial cinema, Choyonnghan-Kajok, an experimental black comedy, follows an eccentric... [More]Starring: Park In-hwan, Mun-Hee Na, Song Kang Ho, Na Moon-heuiDirected By: Kim Jee-woon#11I Saw the Devil (2011) 81%#11Adjusted Score: 83.045% Critics Consensus: Never flinching during its descent into depravity, I Saw the Devil is a pulverizing thriller that will give bloody satisfaction to audiences who like their revenge served with fiery rage.Synopsis: I SAW THE DEVIL is a shockingly violent and stunningly accomplished tale of murder and revenge from Korean genre master... [More]Starring: Lee Byung-hun, Choi Min-sik, Chun Kook-Haun, Ho-jin ChunDirected By: Kim Jee-woon#10Bakjwi (Thirst) (2009) 80%#10Adjusted Score: 83.275% Critics Consensus: The stylish Thirst packs plenty of bloody thrills to satisfy fans of both vampire films and director Chan Wook Park.Synopsis: Song Kang-ho, Shin Ha-kyun, and Kim Ok-bin star in Oldboy director Park Chan-wook's frightener concerning a priest whose life takes... [More]Starring: Ok-bin Kim, Shin Ha-Gyun, Kim Hae-suk, Oh Dal-suDirected By: Park Chan-wook#9Three...Extremes (Saam gaang yi) (2005) 84%#9Adjusted Score: 85.355% Critics Consensus: This anthology contains brutal, powerful horror stories by three of Asia's top directors.Synopsis: Three Asian directors, from Hong Kong, Korea, and Japan, join forces to create an omnibus horror film, Three...Extremes. In Fruit... [More]Starring: Miriam Yeung, Pauline Lau, Zabit Memedov, Miki YeungDirected By: Takashi Miike, Fruit Chan, Park Chan-wook, Kim Jee-woon#8A Tale of Two Sisters (2003) 85%#8Adjusted Score: 86.018% Critics Consensus: Restrained but disturbing, A Tale of Two Sisters is a creepily effective, if at times confusing, horror movie.Synopsis: This supernatural horror film from Kim Jee-woon is inspired by the ancient Korean folktale \"Jangha and Hongryun.\" Set in an... [More]Starring: Su-jeong Lim, Lim Su-jung, Kab-su Kim, Jeong-Ah YeomDirected By: Kim Jee-woon#7#Alive (2020) 88%#7Adjusted Score: 88.123% Critics Consensus: Well-acted, genuinely unsettling, and occasionally even funny, #alive proves the crowded zombie genre still has fresh stories to tell.Synopsis: The rapid spread of an unknown infection has left an entire city in ungovernable chaos, but one survivor remains alive... [More]Starring: Ah-in Yoo, Park Shin-hye, Chae Kyung Lee, Hyun-Wook LeeDirected By: Il Cho#6Save the Green Planet (2004) 90%#6Adjusted Score: 90.358% Critics Consensus: A funny and wildly inventive hybrid of various genres, Save the Green Planet! is definitely a unique viewing experience.Synopsis: The genre-bending black comedy sci-fi thriller Save the Green Planet! marks the feature debut of writer/director Jang Jun-hwan. Shin Ha-kyun... [More]Starring: Shin Ha-kyun, Shin Ha-Gyun, Baek Yun-shik, Jung-min HwangDirected By: Jang Joon-hwan#5Gonjiam: Haunted Asylum (2018) 91%#5Adjusted Score: 46.092% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Based on the local legends and stories of people who've visited the real-life abandoned hospital, GONJIAM: HAUNTED ASYLUM follows the... [More]Starring: Seung-Wook Lee, Ye-Won Mun, Ji-Hyun Park, Sung-Hoon ParkDirected By: Beom-sik Jeong#4The Host (2007) 93%#4Adjusted Score: 97.947% Critics Consensus: As populace pleasing as it is intellectually satisfying, The Host combines scares, laughs, and satire into a riveting, monster movie.Synopsis: When a young girl is snatched away from her father by a horrifying giant monster that emerges from the River... [More]Starring: Song Kang Ho, Park Hae-il, Byun Hee-bong, Doona BaeDirected By: Bong Joon Ho#3Train to Busan (Busanhaeng) (2016) 94%#3Adjusted Score: 98.043% Critics Consensus: Train to Busan delivers a thrillingly unique -- and purely entertaining -- take on the zombie genre, with fully realized characters and plenty of social commentary to underscore the bursts of skillfully staged action.Synopsis: TRAIN TO BUSAN is a harrowing zombie horror-thriller that follows a group of terrified passengers fighting their way through a... [More]Starring: Jung Yoo-mi, Kim Soo-ahn, Kim Eui-sung, So-hee AhnDirected By: Yeon Sang-ho, Sang-ho Yeon#2The Wailing (Goksung) (2016) 99%#2Adjusted Score: 101.547% Critics Consensus: The Wailing delivers an atmospheric, cleverly constructed mystery whose supernatural thrills more than justify its imposing length.Synopsis: The arrival of a mysterious stranger in a quiet rural village causes suspicion amongst the villagers- but as they begin... [More]Starring: Jung-min Hwang, Jun Kunimura, Chun Woo-hee, Han-Cheol JoDirected By: Na Hong-jin#1Seoul Station (2016) 100%#1Adjusted Score: 98.291% Critics Consensus: Thrilling and relentless from start to finish, Yeon Sang-ho's Seoul Station is a layered and vicious entry into the zombie genre.Synopsis: A man living in the train station in Seoul spreads the zombie virus infesting the entire city.... [More]Starring: Ryu Seung-ryong, Joon Lee (V), Shim Eun-kyungDirected By: Yeon Sang-ho","section":"Countdown","tags":"to, who, Guide, Company, LGBT","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/07104614/600TrainToBusan.jpg","slug":"best-korean-horror-movies"},{"id":"47509116145373","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Lego Movie Builds a Huge Lead Over the Competition","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Lego Movie Builds a Huge Lead Over the CompetitionThe Monuments Men and Ride Along round out the top three.by Gitesh Pandya | February 9, 2014 |  CommentsMoviegoers rushed out to see the buzzworthy animated comedy The Lego Movie which posted a record opening for an animated film during the winter months of December-January-February. The Warner Bros. release grossed an estimated $69.1M from 3,775 theaters for a sensational $18,307 average.Overall, it was the second largest February opening in history trailing only the $83.8M of The Passion of the Christ from ten years ago. It was also the third best animated debut outside of summer following The Incredibles ($70.5M in November 2004) and The Lorax ($70.2M in March 2012). LEGO proved that audiences can come out to the multiplexes in huge numbers at any point of the year as long as there is a compelling film that people really want to experience.Based on the popular toy blocks which have been around for generations, LEGO benefited from a brand that is loved by audiences of all ages and so it played beyond just a kid crowd. Plus reviews were positive across the board and the marketing machine had been pushing the toon for months. Appeal was broad with teens and young adults also taking interest in the witty humor.Studio research showed that the PG-rated film skewed 55% male and 59% were over 18. Ticket buyers liked what they paid for with the CinemaScore grade being an encouraging A. With strong reviews, positive word-of-mouth, and the Presidents Day holiday coming up next week, the future looks bright for The LEGO Movie which might be able to make it to the quarter-billion mark in North America alone. Fans opted more for the standard 2D option at regular prices as higher-priced 3D screens accounted for only 35% of the gross.Summer is the main time for A-list animated features to come out. Otherwise, the Thanksgiving and Easter holiday months will be used to launch major toons too, but until now, the biggest animated opening in February had been Gnomeo &amp; Juliet with $25.4M. LEGO opened almost three times larger so it truly was an exceptional performance.A lack of competition also worked in its favor. Though The Nut Job has done respectable business, there really has been no animated blockbuster for families to rally behind since Frozen which opened nearly three months ago. Studios programmed too few toon options this winter and LEGO took full advantage. It also opened to an estimated $18.1M from 34 international markets this weekend including Mexico, Spain, and Brazil. The U.K. opens next weekend with many more key markets to follow throughout the spring.George Clooney and pals flexed some muscle in second place as their historical pic The Monuments Men debuted well with an estimated $22.7M from 3,083 theaters for a solid $7,363 average. Reviews were mostly negative which made the debut impressive since its target audience of older adults pays attention to critics for films like these.In this case, starpower and the war story trumped bad reviews. Clooney, who also co-wrote and directed, was joined in the ensemble cast by Matt Damon, Bill Murray, John Goodman, and Cate Blanchett in a true story of art experts during World War II on a mission to recover priceless European works stolen by the Nazis. Despite the negative marks from film critics, paying audiences were generally pleased with the Sony release as evidenced by the decent B+ CinemaScore grade.As is often the case with films set during WW2, the audience skewed much older with 75% being of age 35 or over. The gender split was more even with females making up 52% of the crowd. The Monuments opening weekend fell halfway in between the $19.5M of Argo and the $25.7M of Captain Phillips which played to the same audiences. The major difference was that those two other films earned rave reviews and were nominated for the Best Picture Oscar with Argo even winning it. With the older skew and a holiday frame coming up next week, Men might go on to enjoy good legs giving 2014 yet another early-year hit.Following its three-week reign atop the box office, the hit comedy Ride Along fell down to third place but cracked the $100M mark in the process. The Universal buddy flick dipped only 22% to an estimated $9.4M raising the cume to a stellar $105.2M while joining the century club on Saturday after only 23 days. This is the first $100M+ hit for both Kevin Hart and Ice Cube in lead roles. Ride Along could find its way to a $130M+ finish.The unstoppable animated smash Frozen reached more milestones in its eleventh weekend of wide release as it sat in the number four slot. With an estimated $6.9M, off just 23%, the Disney juggernaut raised its domestic tally to $368.7M and surpassed the $368.1M of Despicable Me 2 to become the highest-grossing animated film released in 2013 as well as the third biggest overall blockbuster for the year after The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Iron Man 3. The last time Disney had the year’s top-grossing toon (not counting Pixar) was 2000 with Dinosaur.Frozen also opened in China this past week which helped it cruise past the $900M global mark. The five-day launch there was $13.7M – decent but not spectacular – with the international haul climbing to $545.1M. That put the snow sisters at a whopping $913.8M worldwide. Frozen should top the $1 billion mark even before its final release in Japan. Leading territories to date are the U.K. with $60.3M and Korea with $57.7M.The bro comedy That Awkward Moment dropped 37% in its second weekend to an estimated $5.5M putting the ten-day cume at just $16.8M for Focus. Close behind was the Mark Wahlberg hit Lone Survivor with an estimated $5.3M, down 25%, for a new haul of $112.6M.Vampire Academy represented the latest best-selling young adult novel to fail to sell tickets when adapted into a movie. The Weinstein Co. release debuted to a wimpy $4.1M, according to estimates, averaging a puny $1,533 from 2,676 theaters. Young females were the target audience and they just did not find it necessary to come out to theaters and pay top dollar to see the PG-13 film. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, Beautiful Creatures, and The Host are other movies based on young adult novels that also failed to take off at the box office over the last 12 months, but Vampire‘s performance was significantly worse.Audiences abandoned The Nut Job with LEGO in the marketplace and the weekend take fell 48% (the largest in the top ten) to an estimated $3.8M. Open Road’s sum is $55.1M. Paramount’s Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit slipped 32% to an estimated $3.6M lifting the underwhelming total to $44.5M. The drama Labor Day grossed an estimated $3.2M, off 38%, for a weak $10.2M cume to date.The top ten films grossed an estimated $133.7M which was up a muscular 62% from last year when Identity Thief opened at number one with $34.6M; but down 21% from 2012 when The Vow debuted in the top spot with $41.2M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"comic, thirty, drama, nightmare, foreign, WGN, VOD, TV, crossover, Walking, unscripted, Esquire, Epix, Captain","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-The-Lego-Movie-Builds-a-Huge-Lead-Over-the-Competition"},{"id":"47509034963952","title":"Video: Singing Secrets of The Jungle Book","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Singing Secrets of The Jungle Bookby Grae Drake | April 11, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to Neel Sethi (Mowgli) and Jon Favreau (Director) from&nbsp;The Jungle Book about what was real in the movie, how it’s like a video game, and who Neel was actually singing “Bare Necessities” with during filming!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Binge, mission:, Walking, 72, halloween, 2017, screenings, theme, Guild, movies, DC","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/11140227/Neel-Sethi-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-singing-secrets-of-the-jungle-book"},{"id":"47509122878244","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hotel &amp; Looper Soar at Box Office","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hotel &amp; Looper Soar at Box Officeby Gitesh Pandya | October 1, 2012 |  CommentsThe North American box office bounced back to life thanks to a pair of new releases from Sony which drove the marketplace to the best September frame in history. The animated comedy Hotel Transylvania overperformed and checked into the number one spot while the studio’s release of the sci-fi action pic Looper gave the it the runner-up spot too with over $64M in combined ticket sales leading the Top 20 to a potent $115M, a new high for what is normally the slowest month of the year. Especially noteworthy is that the weekend was driven by original films as none of the top six movies were sequels or based on well-known brands.Mixing comedy and spooky monsters into a family-friendly 3D toon during the pre-Halloween period, Hotel Transylvania opened to spectacular results in first place with an estimated $43M generating the biggest September opening ever. The PG-rated film averaged a stellar $12,840 from 3,349 locations including 3D surcharges and beat the decade-old record for the top September bow set this weekend in 2002 when Sweet Home Alabama debuted to $35.6M. Hotel also marked a comeback of sorts for box office heavyweight Adam Sandler who provided the lead voice. His last two films over the past year performed poorly. But now, Sandler is well on his way to scoring his 13th $100M+ grosser of the past 14 years displaying his commercial consistency once again. Also lending their voices were Selena Gomez, Andy Samberg, Kevin James, and CeeLo Green.Look for solid playability here as the CinemaScore grade was an A- and Saturday sales surged by a remarkable 73% which was better than what many kidpics during the school year see. The opening was a new high for Sony Animation beating out the $35.6M of The Smurfs and the $30.3M of Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs which was another 3D September hit. Both of those had good legs.The critically-acclaimed sci-fi actioner Looper gave Sony another big win with its strong opening in second place with an estimated $21.2M. The R-rated futuristic film averaged a solid $7,086 from 2,992 theaters and took advantage of exceptional reviews to draw in a sizable audience. R-rated action films rarely open north of $20M in September and the fact that Looper is an original story not based on any well-known brand made the performance even more impressive. Headliners Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis spent five weeks at number one this summer with supporting roles in the hit sequels The Dark Knight Rises and The Expendables 2 and now joined forces playing the same person but from different time periods.As expected, Looper skewed towards adult men. Studio research showed that 59% of the audience was male and 70% was 25 or older. But despite universal praise from film critics, actual paying customers were only moderately satisfied as the CinemaScore grade was a B. While not terrible, it is nothing worth bragging about. Saturday sales climbed 28% so there could be long-term strength into October.Lots of companies wanted their share of credit for the hit pic which was made by FilmDistrict, TriStar, EndGame and China’s DMG. In fact, preliminary estimates put the opening weekend in China at $23-25M making it the first Hollywood film in history to open bigger there than in its home market of North America. A side story involving China’s prosperous future helped in getting financing and government approval of the script from that lucrative market. Willis has long been a huge action draw across Asia and JGL’s star has been on the rise thanks to recent Christopher Nolan films and other high quality acting projects.Following its solid top spot debut last weekend, the cop thriller End of Watch held up well in its second round dropping 39% to an estimated $8M giving Open Road $26.2M in ten days. Fellow sophomore Trouble with the Curve followed with an estimated $7.5M falling an encouraging 38%. Recent Clint Eastwood films fell 47-51% in their second weekends so the performance of this latest Warner Bros. release – which finds the legend acting instead of directing – is commendable. Total is $23.7M. Also doing well in its second session was the fright flick House at the End of the Street which declined by 42% to an estimated $7.2M for $22.2M to date. That’s an amazing hold for a horror film.The all-girl college a cappella comedy Pitch Perfect opened in moderate release this weekend with only 335 theaters but attracted huge crowds and landed at number six with an estimated $5.2M for a scorching $15,561 average. Universal is aiming for a word-of-mouth hit here and aggressively screened the PG-13 pic ahead of the limited bow. Now it plans to take it to the next level with next weekend’s expansion into 2,800+ locations hoping that enough buzz will have circulated among teens and young adults that it can become a must-see hit. Reviews have been mostly positive and the CinemaScore grade was an A with females making up 74% of the crowd. Pitch hopes to prove that a good product can sell itself.Falling 58% to seventh place was the 3D release of Finding Nemo which grabbed an estimated $4.1M bumping the sum to $36.5M and the lifetime tally to $376.2M. The clown fish pic has re-entered the Top 20 list of all-time domestic blockbusters sitting at number 19. Sony’s fifth Alice pic Resident Evil: Retribution dropped 55% to an estimated $3M in its third round and has banked $38.7M to date.The Paul Thomas Anderson Oscar hopeful The Master slowed down in its second weekend of wide play and grossed an estimated $2.7M, off 38%. The Weinstein Co. release averaged just $3,207 from 856 theaters and has shown signs of struggling with a mainstream audience. Cume to date is $9.6M. Sophisticated adult audiences will quickly start turning their attention to other pictures in October including Liam Neeson’s hostage sequel Taken 2 opening next weekend and Ben Affleck’s buzzworthy hostage drama Argo bowing a week later.The inner city school drama Won’t Back Down failed to connect with paying moviegoers opening to dismal results in tenth place with an estimated $2.7M from 2,515 locations for a horrible $1,074 average. Fox’s PG-rated release starring Academy Award nominees Maggie Gyllenhaal and Viola Davis generated no commercial interest and was panned by critics.The Emma Watson film The Perks of Being a Wallflower enjoyed a nice expansion this weekend widening from 4 to 102 theaters grossing an estimated $1.1M. That delivered a potent $11,147 average which keeps the Summit pic on track for further expansions. Total is $1.5M. Perks earned an encouraging A grade from CinemaScore and skewed 70% female.The top ten films grossed an estimated $104.6M which was up 26% from last year when Dolphin Tale climbed into the number one spot with $13.9M; and up 27% from 2010 when The Social Network opened on top with $22.4M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"zombies, transformers","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Hotel-and-Looper-Soar-at-Box-Office"},{"id":"47509089330646","title":"Weekend Box Office Results: How To Train Your Dragon Fends Off Madea With $30 Million Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekend Box Office Results: How To Train Your Dragon Fends Off Madea With $30 Million WeekendPlus, Alita battles for overseas dollars on the weekend of March 1-3.by Erik Childress | March 3, 2019 |  CommentsIn what would have been a big upset this weekend, Tyler Perry tried to pass Toothless for the top spot at the box office. The Madea brand did precisely what should have been expected of it, but it was still going to take quite the drop in family interest in&nbsp;How To Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World&nbsp;for it to pull out the victory. But thanks to those weekend matinees, Hiccup and Co. made a comeback and took out top place for the week.King&nbsp;of the Crop: Tyler Perry’s Madea Does Good All By Itself(Photo by @ Lionsgate)When the name “Madea” features in a Tyler Perry movie title, those films average a $26.7 million opening and a final gross of $63.6 million. A Madea Family Funeral may be right in line with that first number when the final estimates come out on Monday, starting with $25.8 million and – if the average multiple of&nbsp;the Madea films is any indication – it should finish up between $57-$66 million. Only Boo 2! A Madea Halloween and A Madea Christmas opened to less than $25 million, and the former is the only Madea film to finish with less than $50 million. Perry’s latest film, if the Tomatometer score holds, will find itself amongst the top five rated films of his career.Rotten Returns:&nbsp;Audiences Not So Obsessed with&nbsp;Greta, But Critics Are Split(Photo by Jonathan Hession / Focus Features)Focus Features went wide with Neil Jordan’s Greta, the director’s&nbsp;first wide release since 2007’s The Brave One. It is the 19th&nbsp;film in Focus’s history to open on more than 2,000 screens and unfortunately its $4.58 million start ranks as the worst opening amongst them, lower than the animated Ratchet &amp; Clank ($4.86 million) and the Ryan Reynolds-led sci-fi film, Self/Less ($5.4 million). Interview with the Vampire and The Brave One are the only previous films of Jordan’s career to launch in more than 2,000 theaters, so that alone is a bit of a compliment on behalf of Focus even if the result is not what they had hoped. Critics, though, are fairly evenly split on&nbsp;Greta, with the film currently just shy of Fresh on the Tomatometer at 57%.The Rest of the Top 10 and Beyond:&nbsp;Dragon&nbsp;and&nbsp;Alita&nbsp;Hoping for Big International Numbers(Photo by @ DreamWorks Animation)Last week, How To Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World joined 21 other films to open between $54 million and $56 million. This week, the final chapter to the critically acclaimed trilogy (all three films are over 90% on the Tomatometer) only beat 14 of those films in their second weekend. However, after 10 days, its total gross is only ahead of five of those 21:&nbsp;Watchmen ($85.75 million), The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian ($90.83 million), Divergent ($94.37 million), The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out of Water ($94.58 million), and The Incredible Hulk ($97.05 million).&nbsp;This 45% drop has taken away much of the hope that The Hidden World&nbsp;would surpass the $177 million of the second film and only adds to industry anxiety about the state of this year’s box office (down nearly 30% from 2018). But for Universal and DreamWorks Animation, the film is just about in profit thanks to a global total of over $375 million, which should continue to grow into a very healthy take.Also banking on its international numbers is Fox’s Alita: Battle Angel, which is up to $350 million globally but just $72 million domestic and unlikely to break $100 million. The film still needs, conservatively, another $160 million to break even. But as box office watchers of The Meg&nbsp;can attest to – that film came so close last summer to recouping its costs – anything is possible. WB’s The Lego Movie 2 is coming up well shy of its predecessors, and with a drop to $6.6 million this week is&nbsp;looking like finishing somewhere between Interview with the Vampire and Trainwreck in the $105-$110 million region.Green Book’s Best Picture bump helped it pass $75 million this weekend. Post-Valentine’s Day,&nbsp;What Men Want is about to cross $50 million, while Isn’t It Romantic may come up just short of that. Happy Death Day 2U and Fighting With My Family may not do $50 million combined. In limited release, Apollo 11, which is Certified Fresh at a perfect 100% on the Tomatometer, made $1.65 million in just 120 theaters for the third highest per-theater-average of the week of $13,750. Christian Petzold’s Transit (96% on the Tomatometer) was second with a $17,684 average in two theaters while Gaspar Noé’s Climax (77%&nbsp;on the Tomatometer) from A24 made $121,655 in 10 theaters for a top average of $24,331.This Time Last Year:&nbsp;Black Panther&nbsp;Enters Third Week of Domination(Photo by @ Marvel Studios)Black Panther led the pack for the third straight week with $66.3 million, the second biggest third weekend of all time. Revenge then followed in the form of Jennifer Lawrence and Bruce Willis with Red Sparrow ($16.8 million) and Eli Roth’s remake of Death Wish ($13 million). Neither film would go on to gross as much as Panther’s third weekend, which put it over the $500 million mark. The&nbsp;top 10 films grossed $134.2 million and averaged 57.4% on the Tomatometer. This year’s top 10 made an estimated $94.5 million and averaged 59.1% with critics.On the Vine: Captain Marvel&nbsp;Here to Save the 2019 Box Office?(Photo by @ Marvel Studios)The biggest movie of 2019 (to date) arrives as Marvel’s Captain Marvel enters theaters. The Anna Boden/Ryan Fleck-directed film with Brie Larson is poised to have the first $100 million opening of the year. And then some. Interest is very high in the film that could ultimately put up Hunger Games/Wonder Woman numbers here in the States. The last 10 live-action Marvel films have grossed at least $600 million worldwide. Only 11 films in 2018 reached that marker and five of them were based on Marvel properties.The Full Top 10: March 1-3How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World (2019)  90% –&nbsp;$30.04 million ($97.69 million total)Tyler Perry's A Madea Family Funeral (2019)  11% – $27.95 million ($27.05 million total)Alita: Battle Angel (2019)  61% –&nbsp;$7 million ($72.23 million total)The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part (2019)  84% –&nbsp;$6.61 million ($91.67 million total)Green Book (2018)  77% – $4.71 million ($75.92 million total)Fighting with My Family (2019)  93%&nbsp;–&nbsp;$4.69 million ($14.94 million total)Isn't It Romantic (2019)  70%&nbsp;–&nbsp;$4.64 million ($40.29 million total)Greta (2019)  60% – $4.58 million ($4.58 million total)What Men Want (2019)  42%&nbsp;–&nbsp;$2.7 million ($49.64 million total)Happy Death Day 2U (2019)  71%&nbsp;–&nbsp;$2.51 million ($25.28 million total)Erik Childress can be heard each week evaluating box office on WGN Radio with Nick Digilio as well as on Business First AM with Angela Miles and his Movie Madness Podcast.[box office figures via Box Office Mojo]","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Black, Worst, Geo","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/03120309/How-To-Train-Featured.jpg","slug":"weekend-box-office-results-how-to-train-your-dragon-fends-off-madea-with-30-million-weekend"},{"id":"47509092093433","title":"Weekend Box Office Results: Sicario: Day of the Soldado and Uncle Drew Overperform, But Fallen Kingdom Continues Reign","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekend Box Office Results: Sicario: Day of the Soldado and Uncle Drew Overperform, But Fallen Kingdom Continues ReignThe two newcomers defied expectations, while Incredibles 2 entered the all-time record books, on the weekend of June 29-July 1.by Erik Childress | July 1, 2018 |  CommentsIn a rare week for this summer, there was no obvious mega blockbuster stepping into theaters to soak up some cash and enjoy a predictable weekend box office victory. So it was up to two smaller films to overperform and battle for third and fourth place: Sicario: Day of the Soldado and Uncle Drew.King&nbsp;of the Crop:&nbsp;Soldado&nbsp;Wins the Battle of the Newcomers(Photo by © Sony)Among newbies this week, Sicario: Day of the Soldado came out on top, landing in an expected third place. After $2 million in Thursday night previews, Sony was conservatively estimating&nbsp;Soldado’s overall weekend&nbsp;at $12 million, the same as&nbsp;what the original earned in its week-three expansion into 2,620 theaters back in 2015, when it was a Lionsgate release. The sequel&nbsp;actually brought in&nbsp;$19 million this weekend; the film has a 62% Tomatometer score, down significantly from the first film’s 93%, which went on to receive three Oscar nominations. Of the 12 films since 2000 to open in June between $17.5 and $20 million, only two (Land of the Lost&nbsp;and&nbsp;Year One) have failed to reach $50 million in total, and half stretched to over $60 million, though only two of them (Swordfish,&nbsp;Get Him to the Greek) were rated R. Day of the Soldado was the fifth best-reviewed film of this set, behind Chicken Run, Cinderella Man, Surf’s Up, and Get Him to the Greek.Well ahead of Soldado&nbsp;this weekend were the big winners of the past two weeks. Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom came in&nbsp;at the top with $60 million, and&nbsp;is up to $264 million domestically – the 17th highest figure&nbsp;ever for a film on its 10th day.&nbsp;With the upcoming holiday it will probably find itself circling a three-week total somewhere&nbsp;in the range of&nbsp;Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest ($321 million) and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire ($336 million).&nbsp;Incredibles 2 is&nbsp;doing even bigger business. Its $439 million three-week total is now the seventh-best ever.&nbsp;Next weekend, expect it to pass&nbsp;Finding Dory to become Pixar’s highest-grossing domestic title to date, and continue on a path to becoming – at least – the ninth highest-grossing film of all time.Fresh Surprise:&nbsp;Uncle Drew&nbsp;Provides Laughs&nbsp;and&nbsp;Solid Returns for Lionsgate(Photo by © Lionsgate)Lionsgate, former home of&nbsp;Sicario,&nbsp;may have been feeling a slight bit of remorse for not re-upping on a sequel few believed was necessary&nbsp;and some saw as a box office risk. But for roughly half the cost of&nbsp;Soldado (which had a $35 million budget), the studio got Uncle Drew – and the move might have been a slam dunk. The basketball comedy, featuring the likes of Get Out’s Lil Rel Howery, Tiffany Haddish, and a cadre of NBA stars, opened to $15.5 million and has a current Tomatometer score of 66%. It is not the studio’s best June opening – it ranks behind All Eyez On Me ($26.4 million), Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Witness Protection ($25.3 million), and Fahrenheit 9/11 ($23.9 million), all of which had wildly varying final gross multiples from their first weekends. But if Uncle Drew can match the 2.58 multiple of Madea – and given that score and expected strong word of mouth, it might — it could just about get to $40 million domestic.Meanwhile, India’s Sanju broke into the top&nbsp;10 with $2.5 million and the Mr. Rogers documentary, Won’t You Be My Neighbor?,&nbsp;spent its second weekend there. It is the fourth weekend this summer to have a documentary break into the top end of the charts. Ruth Bader Ginsburg doc, RBG, spent two non-consecutive weekends on the chart, May 11-13 and Memorial Day Weekend, May 25-28. It has grossed $11.5 million to date. Won’t You Be My Neighbor? is up to nearly $7.5 million.Beyond the Top 10:&nbsp;Three Identical Strangers&nbsp;another doc to watch;&nbsp;Leave No Trace&nbsp;one of year’s best(Photo by Scott Green /© Bleecker Street Media)Avengers: Infinity War has finally dropped out of the top 10&nbsp;after nine weeks, earning $1.43 million and coming in 12th. With over $2.03 billion globally, it is the fourth highest-grossing film of all-time. Hereditary has also exited the top 10,&nbsp;but remains A24’s second-highest domestic grossing film to date, with just under $40 million so far.&nbsp;On the documentary front, Neon’s Three Identical Strangers&nbsp;might be one to keep your eyes on; it opened to $163,023 on five screens – a screen average of $32,600, the highest of the week. Debra Granik’s Leave No Trace, her first feature since the Oscar-nominated Winter’s Bone, made $24,018 on nine screens. It is one of the best reviewed movies of the year, sitting on 100% on the Tomatometer&nbsp;from 91 reviews.This Time Last Year:&nbsp;Despicable Me&nbsp;and&nbsp;Baby Driver&nbsp;Outplay the&nbsp;House(Photo by © Universal)Despicable Me 3 led the way with $72.3 million, just a portion of the billion dollars it would go on to make. Baby Driver had opened on the Wednesday prior, but still managed another $20.5 million for second place. Will Ferrell and Amy Poehler’s The House was a bust with just $8.7 million (it found a big fan in Chance the Rapper, though). Some $157.2 million total was spent on films in the&nbsp;top 10&nbsp;in 2017 compared to this week’s estimated haul of $164.3 million. The average Tomatometer score of the&nbsp;top 10 last year was just 52.4%, dragged down by just four&nbsp;Fresh films, as well as Transformers: The Last Knight, The House, and The Mummy, all with Tomatometer scores&nbsp;below 20%. This week there were seven&nbsp;Fresh releases among the list, with a strong Tomatometer average of 68.9%On the Vine:&nbsp;Ant-Man&nbsp;and the Wasp&nbsp;MCU’s first post-Infinity War&nbsp;test(Photo by ©Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)Next week, the 20th&nbsp;film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Ant-Man and the Wasp, is going to lead the box office, likely besting the first film’s $57 million start in July 2015. Despite a half-billion total worldwide, Ant-Man still ranks 17th&nbsp;out of the current 19 MCU films domestically and 16th worldwide. Ant-Man and the Wasp’s family-friendly tone should&nbsp;boost it on the overall chart. It currently has a Tomatometer rating of 88%. Less family-friendly is Universal’s The First Purge, the fourth in the series that has seen its grosses go up with each successive film. Will there still be an appetite given the timely un-civility in the real world? With just a $13 million budget, even a passing interest is going to turn a profit. On the indie front, Sundance hit&nbsp;Sorry To Bother You,&nbsp;which stars Tessa Thompson and LaKeith Stanfield and has a Tomatometer score of 95%, is one to watch for overperformance.The Full Top 10:&nbsp;June 29-July 1Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom –&nbsp;$60.0 million ($264.7 million total)Incredibles 2 –&nbsp;$45.5 million ($439.7 million total)Sicario: Day of the Soldado –&nbsp;$19.0 million ($19.0 million total)Uncle Drew – $15.5 million ($15.5 million total)Ocean’s 8 –&nbsp;$8.0 million ($114.7 million total)Tag –&nbsp;$5.6 million ($40.8 million total)Deadpool 2 –&nbsp;$3.4 million ($310.3 million total)Sanju –&nbsp;$2.5 million ($2.5 million total)Solo: A Star Wars Story –&nbsp;$2.293 million ($207.2 million total)Won’t You Be My Neighbor? –&nbsp;$2.290 million ($7.4 million total)Erik Childress can be heard each week evaluating box office on WGN Radio with Nick Digilio as well as on Business First AM with Angela Miles and his Movie Madness Podcast.[box office figures via Box Office Mojo]","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Awards, series, Fox, and, Television, screen, witnail","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/01111926/Benicio.jpg","slug":"weekend-box-office-results-sicario-day-of-the-soldado-and-uncle-drew-overperform-but-fallen-kingdom-continues-reign"},{"id":"47509095978536","title":"Box Office: Dark Tower #1 as Summer Slowdown Comes Early","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Dark Tower #1 as Summer Slowdown Comes EarlyA new Stephen King story made its way to the box office as The Dark Tower opened at number one over what was a relatively slow kickoff to Augustby Gitesh Pandya | August 6, 2017 |  CommentsA new Stephen King story made its way to the box office as&nbsp;The Dark Tower&nbsp;opened at number one over what was a relatively slow kickoff to August, the final month of the summer movie season. Sony collected an estimated $19.5M over the weekend from 3,451 theaters for a $5,651 average. The last time the first weekend of August was led by a film with a lower gross than this was in 1998 when&nbsp;Saving Private Ryan&nbsp;was tops in its third frame with $17.4M.But with a budget of $60M and good international appeal,&nbsp;Tower&nbsp;is just getting its global revenue streams going. Reviews were harsh for the Idris Elba-Matthew McConaughey actioner and audiences were only somewhat satisfied as the CinemaScore grade was a mediocre B. Demographics were typical of a sci-fi action thriller with the crowd being 58% male and 68% over 25.&nbsp;Dark Tower&nbsp;will roll out across much of the world throughout August.Christopher Nolan no longer occupied the number one spot with his war thriller&nbsp;Dunkirk&nbsp;but did place second with an estimated $17.6M holding well with a 34% decline. Warner Bros. added 266 extra locations this weekend boosting the theater count to over 4,000 as the domestic cume rose to $133.6M, with 22% of that coming from IMAX screens.&nbsp;Dunkirk&nbsp;is now the third biggest original live-action movie this year trailing&nbsp;Get Out&nbsp;and&nbsp;Split, but will end up passing both by the end of the summer. Reaching the $200M mark is certainly possible especially since there are no more major tentpoles opening for the rest of the month. Overseas grosses climbed to $180.6M putting global at $314.2M. With China, Japan, and Italy still to come, look for&nbsp;Dunkirk&nbsp;to make it north of $500M.The animated comedy&nbsp;The Emoji Movie&nbsp;dropped a reasonable 50% in its second weekend to an estimated $12.4M. The Sony release has collected $49.5M in ten days and may end up in the $90M range – good for such a critically-panned movie. Its budget was a modest $50M.The ladies of&nbsp;Girls Trip&nbsp;kept partying in their third weekend as the hit comedy fell 42% to an estimated $11.4M boosting the cume to a robust $85.4M with more to come. Strong buzz is leading to good legs for this R-rated pic and studios have prepared a weak menu for the rest of August so this breakout film has the potential to reach about $130M. That would make&nbsp;Girls Trip&nbsp;the highest grossing comedy across the 2016-2017 period.Halle Berry anchored a respectable opening weekend for her latest film&nbsp;Kidnap&nbsp;which debuted in fifth place with an estimated $10.2M. The R-rated thriller earned mixed reviews but averaged a decent $4,294 from 2,378 locations for Aviron.Sony’s super hero actioner&nbsp;Spider-Man: Homecoming&nbsp;dipped 34% to an estimated $8.8M putting the total at $294.9M. A final in the friendly neighborhood of $325M seems likely which would be below all of the original Tobey Maguire Spidey flicks, but ahead of both Andrew Garfield ones. Down a disturbing 55% in its second weekend was the Charlize Theron actioner&nbsp;Atomic Blonde&nbsp;with an estimated $8.2M. Focus has banked $34.1M to date on its way to nearly $60M.Despite critical acclaim, audiences did not come out for the new R-rated drama&nbsp;Detroit&nbsp;which expanded nationwide to an estimated $7.3M from 3,007 locations for a mild $2,411 average. It was a tough start for Annapurna’s new distribution operation as&nbsp;Detroit&nbsp;scored this year’s second lowest opening weekend for a 3,000+ theater debut behind just&nbsp;Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul. Reviews for the Kathryn Bigelow film were very strong, but summer moviegoers were not in the mood for this serious true story examining civil unrest in the 1960s.High-profile threequels rounded out the top ten. Fox’s&nbsp;War for the Planet of the Apes&nbsp;grossed an estimated $6M, down 43%, for a cume of $130.3M to date. The toon&nbsp;Despicable Me 3&nbsp;dropped just 30% to an estimated $5.3M giving Universal $240.8M. Worldwide hauls now stand at $278.1M and $879.5M, respectively.After an incredible nine-week run in the top ten, the summer’s biggest blockbuster&nbsp;Wonder Woman&nbsp;fell off that list but still displayed terrific legs once again. Dropping only 29% to an estimated $2.4M, the Warner Bros. juggernaut lifted its domestic cume to $399.5M and will shatter the quadruple century mark this Tuesday. With another $394M+ from overseas markets,&nbsp;Wonder Woman&nbsp;now stands at $794M worldwide with Japan still to come later this month.The top ten films grossed an estimated $106.6M which was down a sharp 51% from last year when&nbsp;Suicide Squad&nbsp;opened at number one with an August record $133.7M; and down 6% from 2015 when&nbsp;Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation&nbsp;stayed in the top spot with&nbsp;$28.5M.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"classics, TV, medical, indie, TV, SXSW, superhero","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/06213516/DarkTower_Title_600X314.jpg","slug":"box-office-dark-tower-1-as-summer-slowdown-comes-early"},{"id":"47509100577365","title":"Box Office: Magnificent #1 Opening For Denzel and Crew","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Magnificent #1 Opening For Denzel and Crewby Gitesh Pandya | September 25, 2016 |  CommentsThis weekend, one of Hollywood’s most bankable stars, Denzel Washington seized the number one spot with his new Western remake The Magnificent Seven which opened to an estimated $35M to lead the North American marketplace. Among wide releases opening in 1,500+ theaters, it was his 13th consecutive $20M+ debut with a streak that stretches over the past 12 years. And none of those were sequels.The PG-13 film averaged a stellar $9,526 from 3,674 theaters and performed just like the Tom Hanks hit Sully which debuted to the exact same amount just two weeks earlier while also playing to older adults. Reviews were mixed for Seven, but generally upbeat. Moviegoers were drawn in by starpower from Washington as well as co-stars Chris Pratt and Ethan Hawke.Denzel’s last film was The Equalizer, also from director Antoine Fuqua, and opened to a similar $34.1M this same weekend two years ago so fans were excited to see the A-list actor again. The new shoot-em-up period film played to a 56% male crowd while 67% were 25 and older according to studio data from Sony. MGM co-produced the $90M film.An A- CinemaScore grade bodes well for the coming weeks. Equalizer had the same grade and declined by 45% in its second weekend while facing formidable competition for adult audiences. The Magnificent Seven ranks as the third best opening of Washington’s career after American Gangster ($43.6M in 2007) and Safe House ($40.2M in 2012) and may become his sixth film to break $100M domestic.Warner Bros. saw a decent debut for its animated comedy Storks which grossed an estimated $21.8M from 3,922 sites for a $5,560 average. The PG-rated pic did not come close to the openings of many of this year’s big animated offerings, but with no rival toons until November, it may continue to bring in kids over the weeks ahead.Tom Hanks followed in third with his latest hit Sully which had spent two weeks at number one. The Warner Bros. release dropped 36%, quite reasonable considering a new star-driven film aimed at older adults opened. With an estimated $13.8M weekend, Sully upped its cume to $92.4M and should join the century club by Saturday on its way to a finish in the $125M neighborhood.Leftovers rounded out the top ten including September losers and August winners. The Universal comedy Bridget Jones’s Baby fell 47% in its second weekend to an estimated $4.5M putting the total at just $16.5M. Off 48% was fellow sophomore Snowden with an estimated $4.1M for Open Road and a mild $15.1M sum.The largest decline in the top ten was for horror sequel Blair Witch which took a 59% nosedive to an estimated $4M putting Lionsgate at $16.1M. Fright hit&nbsp;Don’t Breathe enjoyed a 33% slide to an estimated $3.8M in its fifth weekend giving Sony a solid $81.1M with a shot at reaching $90M – nine times its production cost.The villain blockbuster Suicide Squad dipped 34% to an estimated $3.1M pushing the total up to $318.1M. It has now tied Deadpool with eight consecutive weeks in the top ten – most among all comic book movies this year. The Warner Bros. smash is now on course to join the all-time domestic Top 50, possibly on Wednesday, and will bump off Iron Man from that list in the process. Worldwide, Suicide Squad has now amassed a hefty $731.7M without any release in China.Sony’s thriller When the Bough Breaks fell 54% to an estimated $2.5M while the Focus toon Kubo and the Two Strings dropped 57% to an estimated $1.1M. Totals are now $26.6M and $46M, respectively.Disney’s Queen of Katwe, which generated buzz from its Toronto International Film Festival screening, opened in limited release and grossed an estimated $305,000 from 52 locations for a $5,865 average. The uplifting chess story directed by Mira Nair earned a rare A+ CinemaScore grade and will expand nationwide on Friday to over 1,500 locations.The top ten films grossed an estimated $93.8M which was down 25% from last year when Hotel Transylvania 2 debuted at number one with a September record $48.5M; and off 2% from 2014 when The Equalizer opened in the top spot with $34.1M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"adaptation, toy, Shudder, football, documentaries, DirecTV, song, Video, San","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/25123634/7-rep.jpg","slug":"box-office-magnificent-1-opening-for-denzel-and-crew"},{"id":"47509111203506","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Mockingjay Tops 2014’s Second Worst Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Mockingjay Tops 2014's Second Worst Weekendby Gitesh Pandya | December 7, 2014 |  CommentsThe annual post-turkey blues kicked in, and kicked in hard. North America’s box office slumped to its second worst weekend of 2014 with The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 easily holding onto the crown for the third consecutive time. Lionsgate’s latest chapter in the Katniss franchise grossed an estimated $21.6M dropping 62% from the Thanksgiving holiday session. That was slightly better than the 65% fall that Catching Fire suffered this same weekend last year.With $257.7M collected, Mockingjay is now running 23% behind the pace of Fire and 15% behind the first Hunger Games which played in the spring of 2012. A domestic final in the range of $325M seems likely. Fire faced the new Hobbit film in its fourth weekend, but Mockingjay does not have to deal with that franchise’s latest – and final – chapter until its fifth frame giving it a little extra breathing room. Mockingjay Part 2 opens on November 20 next year and should excite fans more than Part 1 did and witness a better box office run being the concluding installment for the series. The four films should collectively gross over $3 billion worldwide.Overseas, Mockingjay shattered the $300M mark and lifted the international sum to $302.8M putting the new global gross at $560.5M. It still has two major territories to open next year – Japan in May and China on an undetermined date. Reaching $750M worldwide is possible.Also staying put was the DreamWorks Animation offering Penguins of Madagascar which remained in second place, this time grossing an estimated $11.1M. The PG-rated family film struggled on opening weekend and dropped 56% in its second round for a 12-day cume of $49.6M. By comparison, the studio’s last Thanksgiving toon Rise of the Guardians held up better dipping just 43% in its sophomore session. Historically, animated films do very well on Black Friday and then fall hard on the following weekend, except for movies with Christmas themes involved. Santa was one of the main characters in the winter-themed Rise. After 12 days of release via distributor Fox, Penguins is now only 1.5% ahead of Rise‘s total from the same point with no holiday theme to keep it relevant throughout December.Penguins of Madagascar is now on track to finish its domestic run with roughly $88M. 15 of the last 16 films from DreamWorks Animation did better. Even the studio’s last spinoff attempt with Puss in Boots was stronger with $149.3M. The studio will need to determine if there is a market for the extraordinarily high number of films it puts out. Over the last four years, DreamWorks Animation has come out with ten films compared to only three from rival Pixar.With holiday distractions taking center stage, and studios not offering anything new and worthwhile in wide release, the North American box office took a big hit with the Top 20 tumbling down to just $75M. The only weekend in 2014 that was worse was the September 5-7 frame when the Top 20 limped to just $58M. December has gotten off to a lousy start with very few must-see movies playing and next weekend is not likely to see a huge jump putting pressure on the final two weeks of the year to pack audiences in.In its second weekend, the crude buddy comedy Horrible Bosses 2 dropped 44% which is pretty good for coming off of a holiday session. But the gross was still relatively weak at an estimated $8.6M with the new total now sitting at an unimpressive $36.1M. After 12 days of release, the Warner Bros. pic is running a whopping 45% below its 2011 predecessor’s pace. A final of $60-65M should result making a third chapter unlikely.Disney’s hit toon Big Hero 6 fell 57% from the holiday frame and grossed an estimated $8.1M lifting the cume to a stellar $177.5M. Baymax and pals have now surpassed How To Train Your Dragon 2 to become the second biggest animated film of 2014 trailing just The LEGO Movie. Hero is running 12% ahead of the pace of the studio’s Wreck-It Ralph from two years ago and could finish its domestic run with about $210M. While there are some live-action family films coming up in the weeks ahead, no other toons will open during the Christmas holidays.Close behind in fifth with an estimated $8M was the sci-fi hit Interstellar which declined by 49%. Paramount has taken in $158.7M with Christopher Nolan’s much-talked-about space adventure on its way to about $180M in North America. Interstellar is already this year’s top-grossing movie not based on any pre-existing brand. International markets saw their total rise to $434.4M giving the Matthew McConaughey film $593.1M worldwide. In China it has grossed an incredible $119.2M which is second best among all US films this year behind only the monster $300M+ of the latest Transformers. Among 2D films from Hollywood, it is now number one of all-time there.The Jim Carrey comedy sequel Dumb and Dumber To dropped 50% to an estimated $4.2M and has banked $78.1M for Universal. A final of $85-90M seems likely which would fall well below the $127.2M of Dumb and Dumber from 20 years ago when ticket prices were an average of just $4.17.Off 47% was the Stephen Hawking pic The Theory of Everything with an estimated $2.7M. With Eddie Redmayne a serious contender to take the Best Actor Oscar, the Focus release has grossed $13.6M to date and enjoyed the second best per-theater average among all wide releases after the Katniss pic. Ben Affleck’s Gone Girl followed with an estimated $1.5M, off only 39% from the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, for a new total of $162.9M. The Fox title has now remained in the top ten for ten consecutive weekends matching Guardians of the Galaxy for the most of any 2014 film.The only new release to open anywhere close to wide this weekend was the horror film The Pyramid which stumbled into ninth place with an estimated $1.4M. The R-rated thriller set in Egypt averaged a mild $2,292 from 589 locations. Reviews were awful for the Fox release. This year has seen very few hits come from the horror genre. Rounding out the top ten was Fox Searchlight’s awards contender Birdman with an estimated $1.2M, down 39%, for a $18.9M cume.The specialty marketplace was still active with Reese Witherspoon’s new film Wild opening nicely to an estimated $630,000 from 21 theaters in seven cities for a $30,000 average. Total is $677,000 including business in New York and Los Angeles from Wednesday. Reviews have been sensational and Witherspoon is getting much praise for her performance which is sure to lead to another Best Actress Oscar nomination. Fox Searchlight will expand to the Top 20 markets on Friday for a total of about 100 theaters and widen to about 900 locations by Christmas Day.Over in the men’s race, Benedict Cumberbatch’s The Imitation Game expanded from four to eight theaters and grossed an estimated $402,000 for a strong $50,250 average. The Weinstein Co. will open in six new markets this Friday and aims to be nationwide on December 25 as well in this year’s crowded awards marketplace. Gracing the cover of Time Magazine and locking in the title role in Marvel’s upcoming super hero pic Doctor Strange, Cumberbatch has seen his star rise dramatically over the last month on this side of the pond. Weinstein will try to cash in on that.The top ten films grossed an estimated $68.3M which was down 19% from last year when Frozen rose to number one with $31.6M; and even with 2012 when Skyfall climbed into the top spot with $10.8M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Company","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Mockingjay-Tops-2014s-Second-Worst-Weekend"},{"id":"47614390882305","title":"Johansson and Portman … In the Same Movie!?!","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Johansson and Portman ... In the Same Movie!?!by Scott Weinberg | July 18, 2006 |  CommentsThat Eric Bana is one lucky guy. The Aussie actor will soon be starring alongside Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman in the period piece romance known as \"The Other Boleyn Girl.\"According to Variety, \"Story centers on two ferociously ambitious sisters, Mary and Anne Boleyn, who were rivals for the bed and heart of King Henry VIII. Portman and Johansson will star as the sisters, with Bana playing the King. Peter Morgan penned the adaptation.\"The movie, which is based on the novel by Phillippa Gregory, will be directed by Justin Chadwick. Production will start in London this fall.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"supernatural, Columbia, Cosplay, crime, APB, Plus, marvel, Pacific, slashers","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"johansson-and-portman-in-the-same-movie"},{"id":"47509114432214","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Noah Rides the Wave to Number One","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Noah Rides the Wave to Number OneDivergent and Muppets Most Wanted round out the top three.by Gitesh Pandya | March 30, 2014 |  CommentsThe artsy epic adventure Noah conquered the North American box office with a strong opening of $44M, according to estimates. The Paramount release successfully countered some bad buzz to get audiences out to the multiplexes in the first weekend and will now hope that momentum can roll into the coming weeks of April. Led by Russell Crowe, the PG-13 pic averaged a muscular $12,335 from 3,567 locations including 341 IMAX screens which contributed a solid $6.2M (14%) of the tally.Mixed results from the opening weekend make it difficult to predict how well Noah will hold up. Reviews were generally positive, however paying customers were not very satisfied. First-day audiences polled by CinemaScore gave a poor C grade. Those expecting a more standard and literal interpretation of the ancient tale may have been disappointed while those looking for big-screen Hollywood escapism might have been more satisfied.Despite that, second-day sales went up 16%. Older-skewing non-sequels typically do that, however Noah started its run with 7pm shows on Thursday with all of that night’s sales tossed into the “Friday” gross making the Saturday jump impressive. The studio projected a 36% drop on Sunday, though a stronger turn out from churchgoers could change that as seen with recent faith-based hits.Studio research showed that the $125M-budgeted Darren Aronofsky picture had great cross-gender appeal with males and females split evenly. It was a much older skew with 74% of the crowd being 25 or older. Recent faith-based hits God’s Not Dead and Son of God have grossed a combined $80M to date and trailers for Noah playing with many of those shows certainly helped that audience put the ark pic on its calendar.Overseas business has been red hot for Noah and this weekend saw an estimated $33.6M taken in from 22 markets boosting the early cume to $51.1M and the worldwide tally to $95.1M. Russia was the stand-out generating the biggest opening weekend in history in that country for a non-sequel with a stunning $17.2M. More major markets open this coming week including Germany, Brazil, Spain, and the U.K. The worldwide gross will certainly surpass $300M and may even reach beyond $400M with some key European markets opening closer to Easter.The sci-fi pic Divergent dropped a notch to second place with an estimated $26.5M in its sophomore session pushing the cume up to a sturdy $95.3M. The Lionsgate release fell by 52% which was commendable for a book-inspired film with such an upfront audience. The first Hunger Games and Twilight movies tumbled on their second weekends by 62% each. Divergent may end its domestic run in the vicinity of $160M. It cost about half that much to produce.Two kidpics captured the next spots on the chart. Disney’s sequel Muppets Most Wanted dropped by a moderate 33% in its second weekend to an estimated $11.4M. Evil frog Constantine and his pals have collected $33.2M which is down 31% from where the last Muppets movie was at the same point in its theatrical run. Look for a final in the neighborhood of $60M. Holding up quite well in its fourth round was the DreamWorks toon Mr. Peabody &amp; Sherman with an estimated $9.5M, off just 20%. Fox has taken in $94.9M so far and will crack $100M by Saturday.A pair of successfully expanding films followed. The faith-based drama God’s Not Dead widened from 780 to 1,178 locations and grossed an estimated $9.1M which was off a scant 2% from the opening weekend tally. The Freestyle release has banked an impressive $22M in ten days and could finish in the $45-50M range.Wes Anderson’s The Grand Budapest Hotel continued its picture perfect roll-out expanding from 304 to 977 theaters for its first full nationwide weekend. The Fox Searchlight hit collected an estimated $8.8M for the frame, up 30%, and still posted a muscular average with $9,033 as the film reaches out beyond arthouses and fans of the director. It has now become the thinking man’s comedy for the spring and is cashing in on stellar word-of-mouth. With an impressive $24.5M to date, Budapest is likely to become Anderson’s highest grossing film ever beating the $52.4M of 2001’s The Royal Tenenbaums.Former box office star Arnold Schwarzenegger suffered his worst opening in nearly three decades with his latest action offering Sabotage which was utterly rejected by audiences debuting to a miserable $5.3M, according to estimates. The R-rated pic averaged a flimsy $2,144 from 2,486 locations for Open Road despite the actor hitting the pavement and making lots of appearances to sell his product. It was the worst opening for Schwarzenegger since the 1985 flop Red Sonja. Critics, not surprisingly, panned Sabotage and audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film a mild B grade.Two action films followed with an estimated $4.3M a piece. Disney’s Need for Speed fell 45% for a lackluster $37.8M cume while the Warner Bros. sequel 300: Rise of an Empire dropped 49% joining the century club with $101.1M to date.Liam Neeson rounded out the top ten with his latest winner Non-Stop which grossed an estimated $4.1M, off 36%, for a $85.2M sum to date. The Universal action thriller may finish in the $95-100M range.Lionsgate saw a moderate debut from its biopic Cesar Chavez which opened to an estimated $3M from 664 theaters for a mild $4,518 average. Starring Michael Peña, America Ferrera, Rosario Dawson and John Malkovich, the PG-13 film about the famous civil rights activist did not impress film critics, but it did satisfy paying customers as its CinemaScore grade was a solid A.The Latino audience was targeted, but the turnout was not overly impressive. Competition from many faith-based films marketing to that same crowd had an impact. Among wide releases, Chavez was the only one to drop from Friday to Saturday, and the only one with a projected increase from Saturday to Sunday so final numbers to be reported on Monday may show a different picture.The Indonesian action sequel The Raid 2 debuted to strong results in platform release in New York and Los Angeles. Sony Classics saw an estimated $177,000 from seven locations for a $25,286 average. Reviews were very positive and the R-rated pic generated some advance heat with a special screening at the Sundance film festival in January. Raid 2 expands Friday to more major cities before going nationwide on April 11.In other global box office activity, Captain America: The Winter Soldier began its worldwide roll-out with an impressive $75.2M opening across 32 international markets this weekend led by Korea and the U.K. It has debuted two to four times larger than its 2011 predecessor in various countries. The Marvel juggernaut opens this coming week in several major markets including Russia, Australia and China as well as North America where first shows begin at 8pm on Thursday night in 2D, 3D, and IMAX 3D formats.Disney’s double Oscar winner Frozen became the highest-grossing animated film in history this weekend. With continued strength and strong legs in Japan, the overseas cume rose to $674M propelling the snow sisters past Toy Story 3 to win the toon global box office crown with $1.07 billion to date. It currently ranks number 10 among all blockbusters overall, but don’t expect it to just sit there. In the coming weeks, look for Frozen to beat The Dark Knight Rises and then challenge Skyfall for the number eight spot on the all-time list.The top ten films grossed an estimated $127.3M which was down 7% from last year when G.I. Joe: Retaliation opened at number one with $40.5M; and down 8% from 2012 when The Hunger Games remained on top with $58.6M.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"71st, Rey, Avengers, fresh, comics, comedies, king, marvel, Fox","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Noah-Rides-the-Wave-to-Number-One"},{"id":"47508922998787","title":"Parental Guidance: Free Birds and Last Vegas, Plus Monsters University and R.I.P.D.","content":"Parental Guidancevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Parental Guidance: Free Birds and Last Vegas, Plus Monsters University and R.I.P.D.We give you what you need to know about the family-friendliness of this week's new releases.by RT Staff | November 1, 2013 |  CommentsIn Theaters This Week:Free Birds 20%Rating: PG, for some action/peril and rude humor.Owen Wilson lends his distinctive, nasal twang to the voice of Reggie, a turkey who realizes he and his brethren are all being fattened up to become the main course for Thanksgiving feasts. He and a very intense, muscular turkey named Jake (Woody Harrelson) travel back in time to the first Thanksgiving to keep their kind off the menu for good. There’s a ton of stuff going on in this animated adventure — characters, subplots, themes, antics — none of which is terribly funny or thrilling. The kids at the screening I attended were uncharacteristically low-key and seemed unengaged. There’s nothing offensive or inappropriate here — a big battle scene is mere spectacle. And a half-hearted metaphor in which the film likens turkey slaughter to the plight of Native Americans will probably go over kids’ heads.Last Vegas 46%Rating: PG-13, or sexual content and language.I can’t really imagine why you’d want to take your kids to this comedy about a quartet of 70-year-olds (Michael Douglas, Robert De Niro, Morgan Freeman and Kevin Kline) who reunite in Las Vegas for a bachelor party. But if for some reason your family is at the multiplex and you need to find something you can all watch, this would probably be fine for tweens and up. There are the obligatory Viagra jokes and a subplot about sanctioned cheating. The guys judge a bikini contest by the pool and enjoy a wild night of drinking and partying at a nightclub. And Kline’s character lets loose with one big, loud, well-timed F-bomb. Surprisingly, the movie itself is funnier and not as hacky as it looks, largely because the four stars bring such great presence to their roles.New On DVD:Monsters University 80%Rating: G.Tiny, lime-green Mikey (voiced by Billy Crystal) and big, blue Sulley (John Goodman) are back together again in this prequel to the 2001 Pixar hit Monsters, Inc. The movie introduces us to how Mikey and Sulley met during their freshman year in college and studied to be the master scarers they eventually become. Speaking of scares, there aren’t too many in this lively, colorful, family-friendly comedy; my son, Nicolas, was 3 ½ when I took him to see this and he did just fine. The dean of the scaring school — an intimidating, centipede-like creature voiced by Helen Mirren — might frighten the littlest viewers as she swoops through the air and then scampers about on her sharp claws. The rest of the monsters are goofy, or furry, or squishy, and thoroughly adorable and clever.R.I.P.D. 13%Rating: PG-13, for violence, sci-fi/fantasy action, some sensuality and language including sex references.This inferior version of Men in Black finds Ryan Reynolds and Jeff Bridges as mismatched buddy cops who’ve been killed in the line of duty during different centuries. They’re forced to work together in a sort of purgatory to prevent the dead from taking over the living world. Based on a graphic novel, R.I.P.D. features grotesque and menacing creatures who transform before our eyes. They’re disgusting to look at but are never really scary, partly because the 3-D conversion looks so messy. There’s also quite a bit of gunfire but it’s of the cartoonish variety coming from souped-up, supernatural weaponry.","section":"Parental Guidance","tags":"scene, concert, Disney, leads, The, blockbuster, award, political, caribbean, SXSW, the, Apple, latino","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/free-birds.jpg","slug":"parental-guidance-free-birds-and-last-vegas-plus-monsters-university-and-ripd"},{"id":"47508928974901","title":"Oscars 2020 Red Carpet Arrivals","content":"Red Carpet Roundupgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})Oscars 2020 Red Carpet ArrivalsIt's Hollywood's biggest night: See the celebrities and artists who hit the red carpet at this year's Academy Awards!by RT Staff | February 9, 2020 |  CommentsHollywood’s biggest night is here, as filmmakers and artists get together to celebrate the absolute best in what movies had to offer in 2019. See who showed up (everyone) and what they wore (everything) in our front line look at the Academy Awards Oscars 2020 red carpet arrivals! And don’t forget to check out the full list of the Oscars winners and nominees!Margot RobbieBrie LarsonLéa SeydouxBrad PittCharlize TheronLeonardo DiCaprioTom Hanks and Rita WilsonScarlett JohanssonGal GadotKristen WiigTimothée ChalametLucy Boynton and Rami MalekAdam Driver and Joanne TuckerMahershala Ali and Amatus Sami-KarimCamila MorroneRenee ZellwegerChristine LahtiFlorence PughNatalie PortmanRooney MaraPatricia Taylor, Keanu ReevesJoaquin PhoenixSaoirse RonanKathy BatesSalma Hayek PinaultPenélope CruzRobert De Niro and Al PacinoMolly SimsMargaret QualleyMaya RudolphTaika WaititiGeena DavisCarly SteelSandra OhSibley ScolesRebel WilsonGreta GerwigElvira Lind and Oscar IsaacSandy PowellJames Corden and Julia CareyJenelle McKeeAlfie AllenOlivia ColmanKelly Marie TranJanelle MonáeJulia Louis-Dreyfus) Roman Griffin Davis and Archie YatesClaudia Sulewski and Finneas O’ConnellBeanie FeldsteinKaitlyn DeverBillie EilishLaura DernVanessa Nadal and Lin-Manuel MirandaCaitriona BalfeKrysty Wilson-CairnsMindy KalingTonya Lewis Lee and director Spike LeeSiqi SongSigourney WeaverChrissy MetzHarvey Keitel and Daphna KastnerAmerica FerreraIdina MenzelRegina KingKelly RippaKathrine Narducci and Stephanie KurtzubaWaad Al-Kateab, Dr. Hamza al-Kateab and Sama Al-KateabDiane WarrenKerri Higuchi and John ChoZazie BeetzBlac ChynaRyan Michelle BatheLilliana VazquezLilly SinghErin LimJulia Butters","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"Geo, discovery, Rock, unscripted, Classic, directors, fiction, awards, Podcast, Heroines, Skip","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/09163536/600OscarsR3.jpg","slug":"oscars-2020-red-carpet-arrivals"},{"id":"47508933298282","title":"Red Carpet Roundup: Captain America: Civil War Edition","content":"Red Carpet Roundupgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})Red Carpet Roundup: Captain America: Civil War Editionby RT Staff | May 6, 2016 |  CommentsHit the red carpet with pictures from several of the&nbsp;Captain America: Civil War premieres!Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Anthony MackieChloe BennetElizabeth OlsenDeborah Ann WollChris EvansSebastian StanJune AmbroseParis BerelcI-Hua WuKelli BerglundEmily VanCampLara LietoChris Hardwick and actress Lydia HearstElizabeth HenstridgeDaniel BruhlChris HardwickChris PrattNatalie LanderPaul RuddSimone MissickLydia HearstJeremy RennerLara Lieto and Adrien BrodyJosephine SkriverWendy MonizMarisa TomeiKatherine CastroStan Lee","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"Country","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/06144524/600RCRCap.jpg","slug":"red-carpet-roundup-captain-america-civil-war-edition"},{"id":"47508965233005","title":"10 Essential Movies By Blacklisted Hollywood Writers","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})10 Essential Movies By Blacklisted Hollywood WritersIn this week's Total Recall, we take a look at some of the best work by Dalton Trumbo's contemporaries during the Hollywood blacklist period.by Jeff Giles | November 4, 2015 |  CommentsBryan Cranston plays legendary screenwriter Dalton Trumbo in this weekend’s Trumbo, a biopic that doubles as a tribute to its subject’s brilliant (and eventually successful) efforts to undermine the Hollywood blacklist that drove his career underground after World War II. Of course, Trumbo was far from the only blacklisted writer during those years, and we’ve decided to dedicate this edition of Total Recall to a look at some of the best work turned in by a number of his fellow exiles.Walter Bernstein – Fail-Safe (1964)  93%A number of blacklisted professionals turned their backs on Hollywood in disgust after enduring the experience, while others — like Water Bernstein — continued plugging away by making uncredited contributions to screenplays or working behind “fronts” — people who volunteered to act as noms de plume for their exiled brethren. Bernstein continued to work steadily after being blacklisted, and ultimately ended up becoming one of the first writers to be plucked from oblivion when Sidney Lumet hired him to write That Kind of Woman&nbsp;(1959), which freed him up to start working under his own name again. He’d use his “front” years as grist for his Oscar-nominated screenplay for the biting 1976 Woody Allen comedy The Front, but if you’re looking for a truly gripping example of Bernstein’s capabilities, check out 1964’s Fail-Safe; this Cold War thriller was overlooked at the time due to its superficial similarities to Dr. Strangelove, but rather than treating nuclear brinksmanship as a source of comedy, it draws from a wellspring of bleak drama, turning up the screws on viewers as nuclear annihilation looms. The result, decreed Empire’s Kim Newman, is “an impressive and disturbing brink-of-doom thriller.”Watch TrailerLester Cole – Born Free (1966)  94%Before being pilloried for his personal beliefs, Lester Cole put them to good use on behalf of screenwriters everywhere: In 1933, he joined with fellow future “Hollywood Ten” members John Howard Lawson and Samuel Ornitz to establish the Writers Guild of America. The following year, he joined the American Communist Party, which made him an easy target for the House Committee on Un-American Activities; after refusing to testify, he ended up being slapped with a $1,000 fine for contempt of Congress, serving 10 months in prison, and spending the rest of his career writing under assumed names borrowed from his wife and friends. It was under one of those names, Gerald L.C. Copley, that Cole adapted Born Free, the story of a real-life couple who adopted a lioness cub and raised her into adulthood before releasing her into the Kenyan wilderness. It’s the type of setup that plenty of other writers would have sent sailing into syrupy, emotionally manipulative territory, but Cole’s sweet screenplay practiced restraint; as Vincent Canby wrote for the New York Times, “Without minimizing the facts of animal life or overly sentimentalizing them, this film casts an enchantment that is just about irresistible.”Watch TrailerBernard Gordon – The Day of the Triffids (1963)  76%A staunch proponent of workers’ rights, Bernard Gordon helped found the Screen Readers Guild after starting his career as a member of their ranks; his wife, Jean Lewin, was also an activist, and helped organize the World War II military servicemen’s club known as the Hollywood Canteen. He’d just picked up his first couple of screenwriting credits — for the Tony Curtis boxing drama Flesh and Fury&nbsp;and the Rock Hudson Western The Lawless Breed&nbsp;— when producer William Alland gave his name to HUAC; although he was never called to testify, his budding career was quickly driven underground, and Gordon spent years as a prolific (yet largely uncredited) writer of B movies and sci-fi thrillers before branching out into film production with a series of Spanish Westerns. One of the biggest beneficiaries of the Writers Guild’s efforts to retroactively restore credit to screenwriters forced to work under pseudonyms, Gordon is perhaps best loved in cult film circles for his work on 1962’s The Day of the Triffids, a loose adaptation of the John Wyndham novel about plant-like aliens that invade the Earth. “Basically, this is a vegetarian’s version of The Birds, a science-fiction-horror melodrama about a vile people-eater of the plant kingdom with a voracious appetite,” chuckled Variety at the time. “Although riddled with script inconsistencies and irregularities, it is a more-than-adequate film of its genre.”Watch TrailerRing Lardner Jr. – M*A*S*H (1970)  84%Ring Lardner Jr. started strong in Hollywood, winning an Oscar for his work on 1942’s Woman of the Year&nbsp;and ultimately snaring a contract that earned him the equivalent of more than $20,000 a week, but it all went off the rails after the film industry’s Communist witch hunt started, and he spent the majority of the next couple decades writing uncredited work and borrowing other people’s names. Lardner’s comeback started after Norman Jewison credited him with the screenplay for 1965’s The Cincinnati Kid; a mere five years later, he collected another Oscar for his work on Robert Altman’s M*A*S*H. Although Lardner took umbrage with the changes Altman made to his script, they were largely cosmetic — and the end result was a film that found the cinematic heart in Richard Hooker’s rather uneven (and, according to Altman, virulently racist) novel. According to Empire’s Alan Morrison, “As a savage comedy about man’s rebellion in the face of death it has rarely been bettered.”Watch TrailerJohn Howard Lawson – Sahara (1943)  100%A Red Cross worker during World War I, John Howard Lawson was already a seasoned pro with a number of stage credits under his belt by the time his Hollywood career really started gathering steam, and was in his 40s when he received an Oscar nomination for the 1938 Henry Fonda picture Blockade. That picture, like a number of his works, was strongly politically oriented, and Lawson’s outspoken nature — as well as his dogged commitment to the cause, which included touring the South to observe labor conflicts and economic inequality — made him a major target for HUAC when hearings started, and he ended up being fined for contempt and sentenced to a year in prison. Although he’d continue to work after enduring the blacklist, Lawson never regained his momentum in Hollywood — a shame, given how nimbly his early credits skipped between politically charged stuff like Blockade&nbsp;and lighter fare like the Humphrey Bogart picture Sahara, and how clearly he remained in control of his craft in later, uncredited efforts like the screenplay for the early Sidney Poitier effort Cry, the Beloved Country, which Variety lauded as “A very moving film, full of simplicity and charm.”Watch TrailerAlbert Maltz – The Naked City (1948)  85%Maltz was an O. Henry winner who earned an Oscar nomination for Pride of the Marines, but his leftist leanings still made him a target of the HUAC’s wrath, and like the rest of his brethren in the Hollywood Ten, he was virtually unemployable for years; as late as 1960, not even Frank Sinatra’s clout was enough to secure him a job writing The Execution of Private Slovik. He wouldn’t be able to write under his own name again until 1970, when he penned the screenplay for Clint Eastwood and Shirley MacLaine’s Two Mules for Sister Sara; in the interim, he continued writing acclaimed works under pseudonyms — including the 1950 Jimmy Stewart Western Broken Arrow, now regarded as one of the first films to portray Native Americans as something other than savages. Maltz’s career achievements also include The Naked City, a police procedural noir whose stark look at New York’s seedy underbelly proved influential — it’s since been preserved in the United States National Film Registry — as well as a critical and commercial hit that went on to inspire a fairly successful television series. The result, as Philip French wrote for the Observer, is “both a landmark and some sort of masterpiece.”Watch TrailerAbraham Polonsky – Force of Evil (1948)  100%After serving in the OSS during World War II, Abraham Polonsky returned home and started writing for Paramount, where he’d signed a contract prior to starting his military service. Two years later, he earned an Oscar nomination for his work on the acclaimed boxing drama Body and Soul&nbsp;— and by 1948 he’d moved into directing as well, helming his own adaptation of the Ira Wolfert novel Tucker’s People. Given the somewhat more exciting title Force of Evil, the film wasn’t an immediate success, but it caught on overseas, and was ultimately recognized as a classic noir before being enshrined in the National Film Registry — a fitting tribute for the film Empire’s Danny Graydon deemed “a shining example of everything Hollywood falling into place, and a masterpiece of cinema.” Unfortunately, shortly thereafter, Polonsky’s refusal to testify during the HUAC hearings effectively brought his career to a halt, and it would be nearly 20 years before 1968’s Madigan&nbsp;brought him back into the spotlight. Polonsky later wrote the original screenplay for the blacklist-inspired drama Guilty by Suspicion, but ordered his name removed from the credits after a disagreement with director Irwin Winkler over Winkler’s changes to the script.Watch TrailerAdrian Scott – Mr. Lucky (1943)  100%Perhaps best remembered as a member of the Hollywood Ten who was later accused by director Edward Dmytryk of pressuring Dmytryk to lace his films with Communist propaganda, Scott suffered great economic stress under the blacklist; although he eventually found work writing scripts for the British TV series The Adventures of Robin Hood, caring for an adopted son kept him from leaving the country to seek additional opportunities outside the Hollywood studio system. Arguably busiest as a producer early in his career — a stretch that saw him producing the Oscar-nominated Crossfire&nbsp;in 1947 — Scott was also a screenwriter of some renown, and wrote a handful of scripts for television and film, including the Cary Grant romance Mr. Lucky. A huge hit that went on to inspire a radio play as well as a short-lived TV series, Lucky&nbsp;starred Grant as a grifter and World War II draft dodger who falls for a socialite (Laraine Day) while in the midst of a scam to raise money for a gambling ship by faking a fundraiser for the war effort. It’s fairly standard stuff, right down to the dramatic dockside hellos and goodbyes, but there’s nothing wrong with formula if it’s applied correctly; as Adrian Turner wrote for Radio Times, “It sounds tacky, and it is a bit, but the movie from Hellzapoppin’&nbsp;director HC Potter was a big hit in 1943 and Grant always rated it as one of his favourites ‘because the character I played was more like the real Cary Grant than any before.’”Watch TrailerDalton Trumbo – Spartacus (1960)  93%Trumbo stayed busier than many of his Hollywood Ten contemporaries during their years on the blacklist, and managed to turn in some pretty incredible work in the face of financial injustices that might have dimmed a less persistent person’s enthusiasm for the craft — in fact, although the Academy didn’t know it at the time, Trumbo actually won two Oscars while he was blacklisted, for his work on 1953’s Roman Holiday&nbsp;and 1956’s The Brave One. For the purposes of our list, however, it would be hard not to honor Spartacus, if only for the simple fact that the blacklist was finally, fatally weakened when star Kirk Douglas made it public that Trumbo was responsible for the screenplay — and then President-elect John F. Kennedy crossed picket lines to attend a screening. So massively popular that it topped Universal’s all-time grosses for the ensuing decade, Spartacus also reaped nearly unanimous critical acclaim; as Ben Falk wrote for the BBC, “Of all the historical epics, this pretty much takes the biscuit, with an unbelievable cast, incredible cinematography and plenty of quotable scenes.”Watch TrailerMichael Wilson – Salt of the Earth (1954)  100%Salt of the Earth’s home video artwork billed it as “the only U.S. blacklisted film,” and although that point would seem to be somewhat open to debate, its blacklisted pedigree is indeed impressive: Director Herbert Biberman was one of the Hollywood Ten, and while neither screenwriter Michael Wilson nor producer Jarrico were among that particular number, they were also blacklisted. The result, unsurprisingly, was a staunchly populist picture whose feminist and pro-labor leanings fed strongly into a plot that delivered a fictionalized account of a real-life zinc miners’ strike in New Mexico — and one whose politics and behind-the-scenes union ties led many to dismiss it as subversive Communist propaganda. While the cultural climate of the day may have driven Biberman and his collaborators to despair, American filmgoers eventually caught up with Salt of the Earth, which has since been preserved in the National Film Registry. At the time, Bosley Crowther of the New York Times was one of the few contemporary critics who saw past anti-Soviet bluster and appreciated the film on its merits, writing that “Michael Wilson’s tautly muscled script develops considerable personal drama, raw emotion and power.” As for Wilson, he’d go on to win an Oscar for his screenplay for Bridge on the River Kwai, although since he and collaborator Carl Foreman were blacklisted, the award officially went to novelist Pierre Boulle — an injustice that wouldn’t be corrected until 1984, six years after his death.Watch Trailer","section":"Total Recall","tags":"FX, Holidays, jurassic, Talk, Seed, thriller, Video, Legendary, composers, love, Access, Reviews, 2018, Song","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/04154741/BlacklistedWritersSpartacus.jpg","slug":"10-essential-movies-by-blacklisted-hollywood-writers"},{"id":"47508969956764","title":"8 Christmas Specials That Should Be Classics (But Aren’t)","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})8 Christmas Specials That Should Be Classics (But Aren't)by Alonso Duralde | December 3, 2014 |  CommentsBack in the days when there were fewer channels — and a lot more variety shows — TV was pretty much wall-to-wall Christmas specials in December, from singing and dancing and sketch comedy to animated kids and crickets and long-eared donkeys. Cut to the present day where, apart from a handful of specials centered around pop stars performing at the lighting of one Christmas tree or other, the major networks mostly spotlight the blessed foursome — Rudolph, Frosty, Charlie Brown, and the Grinch — while relegating the TV of yore to DVD or basic cable. Here’s a handful of gems from yesteryear that might make help your season bright:A CAROL FOR ANOTHER CHRISTMAS (1964)This special made-for-TV movie event, produced for the United Nations, boasts a once-in-a-lifetime collection of talent, with Sterling Hayden, Peter Sellers, Ben Gazzara, Eva Marie Saint, Robert Shaw, James Shigeta, Peter Fonda, Pat Hingle, and Steve Lawrence in front of the camera, with Rod Serling writing and Joseph L. Mankiewicz (All About Eve) directing.An odd twist on Dickens’ A Christmas Carol, this is the story of a pro-isolationist (played by Hayden) who learns from three ghosts on Christmas Eve that mankind must work together (via, cough, the United Nations) in order to stave off the destruction of civilization. Not the Christmas-iest of fare, perhaps, and the politics are rather on-the-nose (Serling was never at his subtlest when writing about issues), but it’s a compellingly odd bit of pop culture.How you can see it: Unseen for decades after its December 1964 premiere and still unavailable on DVD, this special has recently resurfaced annually on Turner Classic Movies, with the next broadcast scheduled for December 18, 2014.CHRISTMAS COMES TO PACLAND (1982)If you want evidence of the “Pac-Man Fever” that gripped the nation in the early 1980s, look no further than this Christmas special, a spin-off of the Saturday morning cartoon series about the munching yellow orb and his continuing adventures fighting off a quartet of cranky ghosts. This holiday extravaganza sees Santa Claus crash-landing in PacLand; St. Nick has no idea where he is, and the video game characters (including Mrs. Pac-Man — she must have ditched the “Ms.” along the way — and their offspring Baby-Pac) don’t know Santa, but our heroes nonetheless help the jolly old man repair his sleigh, thus, y’know, saving Christmas.If you’ve already guessed that this shamelessly commercial piece of Reagan-era TV animation is mostly junk, well, you’ll get no argument here. But there’s something so shameless about it, and so committed to its ridiculous storyline, that makes Christmas Comes to PacLand the kind of car-accident viewing from which you just can’t turn your head. Put it on in the background of your holiday parties and watch the slack-jawed response from friends and family.How you can see it: Warner Archive’s Pac-Man: The Complete Second Season DVD contains the special as an extra; you might also check the Cartoon Network or Boomerang’s listings, since someone with a sense of humor at those channels will occasionally pop it into the December schedule.CHRISTMAS WITH THE KING FAMILY (1967)To watch the wholesome, harmonic music of the sprawling King Family from the 1960s is to know that you’re watching the culture that the counter-culture was countering. But I’d rather watch the King Cousins jazz-hand their way through a musical rendition of “Twas the Night Before Christmas” over another viewing of Woodstock any day. What started as the King Sisters, a popular singing act of the 1940s and 1950s, metastasized into the stage-filling King Family of spouses, children, cousins and in-laws by the mid-1960s, when they occupied the hour before Lawrence Welk on ABC.The Kings’ holiday specials endure, especially this Christmas classic, which gave TV one of the most memorable variety moments ever: King Sister Alyce sings a plaintive “I’ll Be Home for Christmas” to her son Ric, who was serving in the army — only to have Ric surprise her onstage mid-song, joining his flustered and overjoyed mother for the remaining verses. For a country dealing with the deployment of so many of its young men to Vietnam, it was a heartfelt and resonant reunion.How you can see it: It’s featured on the new two-disc set King Family Christmas: Classic Television Specials, Volume Two (Polly O. Entertainment), along with their Thanksgiving show, a Qiana-licious 1974 Christmas special, two Christmas episodes of their prime-time variety show, and a terrific PBS documentary about the Kings and their contributions to holiday TV.HAPPY HOLIDAYS WITH BING AND FRANK (1957)Actually the 1957 Christmas episode of the The Frank Sinatra Show, this memorable duet has become a free-standing special in its own right in recent years. Long available on VHS only in scratchy black-and-white, the full-color version was released in 2003 after Tina Sinatra found a 35mm print of the episode in the family vaults.There’s almost no plot tying this all together — Der Bingle drops in on his pal Frank for a holiday dinner (there’s a manservant perpetually in the background doing all the heavy lifting), and they do some singing, together and apart. They also walk outside at one point and find themselves in Dickens-era England, where they do some more singing. In an era where attempts at reviving the variety show can only be done with heavy doses of irony and winking (looking at you, Maya Rudolph), sometimes it’s just enough to spend half an hour with two of the greatest male vocalists of the 20th century as they ply their trade.How you can see it: Happy Holidays just made its DVD debut as part of Bing Crosby: The Television Specials, Volume 2 – The Christmas Specials (UMe).A MUPPET FAMILY CHRISTMAS (1987)The late, great Jim Henson was responsible for scads of holiday programming over the years, from the charming John Denver and the Muppets: A Christmas Together (1979) to Emmet Otter’s Jug-Band Christmas (1977) — I’ve always thought of the latter as “A Child’s First Total Bummer,” but it has its partisans. Perhaps the hardest to track down is A Muppet Family Christmas, which marks one of the only occasions in which the casts of Sesame Street, The Muppet Show, and Fraggle Rock all share billing.The convoluted storyline involves all the Muppets heading to the farm owned by Fozzie’s mom, who has planned to leave town for Christmas and has rented the place to Doc and his dog Sprocket. (The farm is, naturally, host to a number of Fraggle holes.) If you’re a fan of the boisterous humor and musical interludes for which the Muppets are famous, you’ll have a blast with this charming, if slightly overstuffed, special.How you can see it: Currently out of print on DVD — and home video versions don’t always have all the songs, because of complicated rights issues — the special can be viewed on YouTube.THE STINGIEST MAN IN TOWN (1956)Ten years ago, TV audiences were assaulted with A Christmas Carol: The Musical, a cable movie that must have seemed like a good idea on paper, what with Kelsey Grammer as a singing and dancing (but still crabby) Scrooge, and musical comedy pros like Jane Krakowski, Jesse L. Martin, and Jason Alexander playing various ghosts. Unfortunately, the songs (by acclaimed tunesmiths Alan Menken and Lynn Ahrens) are aggressively unmemorable, and the whole thing is lit so brightly you would think it was Scrooge’s Swinging Christmas in Malibu.There are other musical options available for fans of the Dickens novella: besides the delightful big-screen Scrooge (1970), starring Albert Finney, there’s also The Stingiest Man in Town, an original musical produced for The Alcoa Hour back in 1956. Basil Rathbone makes a memorably miserly Scrooge, with young Vic Damone playing the younger version of the character. More people are probably familiar with the animated Rankin-Bass remake from 1978, but the live-action original is worth tracking down.How you can see it: Alas, no Tina Sinatra has come to this show’s rescue: while it originally aired in color, only a black-and-white kinescope version is known to exist, and it can be purchased on DVD from Video Artists International.‘TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS (1974)One of those Gen X holiday favorites — it even got referenced, reverentially, on a South Park Christmas episode — that used to air on network TV before being sent out to pasture on basic cable, this Rankin-Bass effort focuses on a small town whose citizens all get their letters to Santa returned to them after a letter to the local newspaper says that Saint Nick is a fraud. Can the local clock-maker (and his trusty mouse sidekick) build a giant bell-tower in time for December 24 to win back the favor of Father Christmas?Of all the Christmas specials that got downgraded to second-tier status, this one’s a personal favorite, from the stellar voice cast — Broadway vets Joel Grey and Tammy Grimes, comedian George Gobel, veteran character actor John McGiver (The Manchurian Candidate) — to its passel of catchy songs (“Christmas Chimes Are Calling,” “Even a Miracle Needs a Hand,” “Give Your Heart a Try”). I never let a December pass without at least one viewing.How you can see it: Available as a stand-alone Blu-ray and DVD, or sharing a DVD with another charming B-lister, Frosty’s Winter Wonderland (all from Warner Home Video), and also a perennial part of ABC Family’s “25 Days of Christmas.”A VERY VENTURE CHRISTMAS (2004)Yes, technically, this is the holiday episode from the first season of The Venture Bros., but since it wittily plays off so many conventions of the Christmas-special genre — right down to the spinning “SPECIAL” that used to herald every CBS special in the 1970s — it deserves to be more widely seen. The Venture Bros. itself was always a shrewd parody of vintage Hanna-Barbera adventures of the Jonny Quest ilk, and this episode effectively skewers TV’s holiday perennials.Not that there aren’t some bonuses thrown in as well — this might be the first mainstream American TV show to include the Krampus (Santa’s monstrous sidekick who punishes evil children), not to mention an evil spy whose specialty is hiding in a crèche as “Tiny Joseph.” Even if you’ve never watched the series, you’ll be able to follow the off-the-wall characters and get the darkly absurd jokes.How you can see it: “A Very Venture Christmas” is included in The Venture Bros. Season One DVD (Warner Home Video).Alonso Duralde is the author of the quintessential holiday film guide Have Yourself a Movie Little Christmas. Follow him on Twitter at @aduralde.&nbsp;Read more Total Recall&nbsp;","section":"Total Recall","tags":"period, mutant, fast, New, Awards, Video, Film, BET, and, Ghostbusters, Emmys, diversity, Mudbound","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Christmas-Specials.jpg","slug":"8-christmas-specials-that-should-be-classics-but-arent"},{"id":"47508977085938","title":"Total Recall: Ang Lee’s Best Movies","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Total Recall: Ang Lee's Best MoviesWe count down the best-reviewed work of the Life of Pi director.by Jeff Giles | November 20, 2012 |  CommentsOver the course of his Academy Award-winning career, Ang Lee has crossed over from Taiwanese box office successes to American arthouse classics and Hollywood blockbusters, proving his hand with family drama, comedy, period pieces, epic martial arts action, romance, and even superheroes along the way. But up ’til now, he’s never tried making a 3D adventure about a shipwrecked boy and his CGI tiger — so in honor of this weekend’s Certified Fresh Life of Pi, we decided to take a look back at Lee’s wildly eclectic filmography, and came up with a list that has something for pretty much everyone. You know what that means: It’s time for Total Recall! 48%10. Taking WoodstockA rare critical misfire for Lee, 2009’s Taking Woodstock found the director heading back in time to 1969 to tell the story of Elliot Tiber (Demetri Martin), the interior designer who helped make Woodstock happen by offering the festival organizers boarding at his motel after hearing they’d lost their permit. While most critics agreed that Lee did a fine job of capturing the period detail of a watershed moment in America’s cultural history, many felt he failed to effectively convey the dramatic stakes of his story — although for a handful of dissenters, the whole was still more than the sum of its parts. “This is very light material, and, unusually for a Lee picture, not everybody in the ensemble appears to be acting in the same universe, let alone the same story,” wrote Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune, then conceding, “On the other hand: It’s fun.” 62%9. HulkOne of the most highly anticipated films of the summer of 2003, Hulk represented Lee’s first foray into the CGI-assisted world of big-budget superhero blockbusters. Filmed just as the genre started coming into its own as something other than purely escapist entertainment, Hulk proved that comic book flicks had something to offer for “serious” directors — even if the end result was regarded as something of a critical and commercial letdown. The character would return a few years later in a hastily convened reboot, but for some scribes, Lee’s take was just fine on its own — including Andrew Sarris of the New York Observer, who called it “an interesting effort to give one of the staples of mass entertainment something extra in the way of insight and feeling.” 64%8. Ride with the DevilSkeet Ulrich, Tobey Maguire, and Jewel in a Civil War movie? Leave it to Ang Lee, who teamed the three in his Civil War-set period piece about a pair of young southerners (Ulrich and Maguire) with different backgrounds, but the same goal: To fight for the Confederacy. Battling the North with an eclectic crew of fellow soldiers (including a former slave played by Jeffrey Wright), the duo crosses paths with a pregnant widow (Jewel) whose presence signals a shift — and potential break — in their friendship. “This isn’t the usual Civil War tale of learning to respect a man regardless of his race,” observed Jeffrey Overstreet of Looking Closer. “It’s about how true freedom comes from love, from respect, and from self-sacrifice.” 72%7. Lust, CautionBefore taking his audience to the 1960s for Taking Woodstock, Lee traveled back in time for his previous film, 2007’s Lust, Caution, a World War II drama that uses the adulterous affair between a Hong Kong college freshman (Tang Wei) and a politician (Tony Leung) as the fuel for a sumptuously filmed romance-slash-espionage thriller spanning several years — and some of the most crucial moments in 20th century global politics. Admitting it could be “overwrought and overlong,” the AP’s Christy Lemire argued that “Lust, Caution nevertheless has some moments of exquisite beauty and a potentially star-making performance from newcomer Tang Wei.” 85%6. The Ice StormHe probably wasn’t the first director that anyone expected to weigh in with a trenchant observation on the American cultural mores of the 1970s, but that’s exactly what Ang Lee did with 1997’s The Ice Storm — an impeccably cast, sensitively filmed adaptation of the acclaimed Rick Moody novel about the largely unspoken divisions festering in a well-to-do suburban Connecticut family. Replete with sadness and populated by deeply flawed characters, Storm could have been an unintentional parody of the ’90s indie scene in less capable hands — but instead, as Rick Groen wrote for the Globe and Mail, it’s “a remarkable film that takes us straight into John Updike territory, duplicating on screen exactly what the writer achieves on the page.” 87%5. Brokeback MountainThe vast majority of Hollywood love stories tend to sort of blur together, but Brokeback Mountain is an exception to the rule: A beautifully filmed adaptation of the E. Annie Proulx story about the anguished affair between a pair of Wyoming ranch hands (Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger) whose years of self-denial slowly wreak havoc on their lives — and the lives of their loved ones. A three-time Oscar winner, Brokeback proved a triumphant return to form for Lee, and enjoyed almost universal critical acclaim on its way to becoming one of the biggest surprise box office hits of the year. “It has become shorthand to call Brokeback Mountain the ‘gay cowboy movie,’ but it is much more than that glib description implies,” scoffed Colin Covert of the Minneapolis Star Tribune. “This is a human story, a haunting film in the tradition of the great Hollywood romantic melodramas.” 88%4. Eat Drink Man WomanUsing the family dinner table as a cornerstone, Lee delved into family dynamics with his second film: 1994’s Eat Drink Man Woman, a richly layered look at the complex interactions between a widowed Chinese chef (Sihung Lung) who uses his craft as a way of staying close with his daughters (Chien-Lien Wu, Kuei-Mei Yang, and Yu-Wen Wang) as they grow into adulthood and try to navigate their way through careers, affairs, and tragedies. “What makes a movie like this work is how much you care for the characters,” observed Chris Hicks of the Desert News, “and each one here is very well-drawn and fully dimensional.” 96%3. The Wedding BanquetLee picked up his first Oscar and Golden Globe nominations for his second feature film, 1993’s The Wedding Banquet — a smartly balanced dramedy about a gay Taiwanese American immigrant (Winston Chao) who tries to hide the truth about his sexuality from his family by marrying an artist (May Chin) who needs a green card. Of course, his plans go comically awry when his traditional parents insist on showing up to plan (you guessed it) a wedding banquet. “What makes the film work is the underlying validity of the story, the way the filmmakers don’t simply go for melodrama and laughs, but pay these characters their due,” observed an appreciative Roger Ebert. “At the end of the film, I was a little surprised how much I cared for them.” 97%2. Crouching Tiger, Hidden DragonThe movie that took Ang Lee out of the arthouse and catapulted him into the ranks of upper echelon Hollywood filmmakers, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon set amazing (and utterly gonzo) martial arts battles against the beautiful scenery and tasteful drama of a story about a 19th century master (Chow Yun-Fat) whose retirement is complicated after his treasured sword is swiped by a mysterious woman (Zhang Ziyi) who may have ties to his sworn enemy (Cheng Pei-pei). A massive worldwide success that would go on to earn more than $200 million and net Lee a Best Picture Academy Award nomination, it moved an appreciative Roger Ebert to deem it “The most exhilarating martial arts movie I have seen.” 97%1. Sense and SensibilityJane Austen’s books have inspired countless films, but with 1995’s Sense and Sensibility, Lee proved there was still cinematic gold yet to be spun from her stories. Working from an Oscar-winning screenplay by Emma Thompson (who also starred as the noble Elinor Dashwood), Lee offered a faithful representation of Austen’s 1811 novel about the financial and romantic aftershocks that reverberate through a landed British family after their patriarch passes away. Bolstered by an excellent cast that also included Kate Winslet, Hugh Grant, and Alan Rickman, Sensibility resonated with Jeanne Aufmuth of the Palo Alto Weekly, who echoed the sentiments of the vast majority of her peers when she asked, “Enduring love, heartbreak, undying passion and bitter betrayal. What more could you ask from Jane Austen, and for that matter, from a film?”In case you were wondering, here are Lee’s top 10 movies according RT users’ scores:1. Eat Drink Man Woman — 90%2. Sense and Sensibility — 88%3. The Wedding Banquet — 85%4. Lust, Caution — 82%5. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon — 81%6. The Ice Storm — 79%7. Brokeback Mountain — 77%8. Ride with the Devil — 62%9. Taking Woodstock — 47%10. Hulk — 34%Take a look through Lee’s complete filmography, as well as the rest of our Total Recall archives. And don’t forget to check out the reviews for Life of Pi.Finally, here’s a clip from Lee’s debut film — Pushing Hands, from 1992:","section":"Total Recall","tags":"PBS","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Crouching-Tiger.jpg","slug":"total-recall-ang-lees-best-movies"},{"id":"47508989010527","title":"Total Recall:  Roman Polanski’s Best Movies","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Total Recall: Roman Polanski's Best MoviesWe count down the best-reviewed work of the Ghost Writer director.by Jeff Giles | February 24, 2010 |  CommentsFor more than 40 years, on screen and off, no one has been able to unnerve audiences with quite as much panache as Roman Polanski — or rack up as many critical raves in the process. The esteemed director has certainly released a few poorly received films (see 1986’s Pirates — or, better yet, don’t), but even his worst reviews pale in comparison with the personal tragedies and legal problems that have overshadowed his career for the last several decades — most notably the 1969 murder of his wife Sharon Tate and the 1977 sexual assault case that sent Polanski fleeing to Europe in order to escape the American legal system. Still, it’s hard to overstate Polanski’s significance in the film world, and with his latest effort, The Ghost Writer, currently earning appreciative nods from top scribes, we thought now would be a great time to survey the Polanski filmography Total Recall style. What are his ten best-reviewed films? Read on to find out![tomatometer]MuzeID=1021097[/tomatometer]10. TessWhatever else you might say about Roman Polanski, he isn’t lacking for chutzpah: For his first film after fleeing the States to avoid imprisonment for the sexual assault of a minor, Polanski helmed an adaptation of Thomas Hardy’s Tess of the d’Urbervilles that starred his teenage girlfriend and was released with the tagline “She was born into a world where they called it seduction, not rape. What she did would shatter that world forever.” Dedicated to Polanski’s slain wife and starring Natassja Kinski as the titular Victorian peasant, Tess was nominated for six Academy Awards (and won three) despite taking over three hours to tell an unforgivingly bleak tale of desperate poverty, loveless marriage, and murder. Wrote Dave Kehr of the Chicago Reader, “Seen in the context of Roman Polanski’s career it becomes something rich and strange, shaded into terror by the naturalistic absurdism that is the basis of Polanski’s style.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1012952[/tomatometer]9. MacbethReeling after the horrific 1969 murder of his wife Sharon Tate, Polanski turned to Shakespeare for his next project. But Polanski’s Macbeth is, as you might expect, a decidedly non-traditional adaptation, in ways both expected (passages from the play cut for time, unflinchingly realistic violence) and not (Polanski turned the characters’ soliloquies into internal monologues, and famously decided Lady Macbeth’s sleepwalking sequence should be performed in the nude). Polanski also changed the ending of the play, adding a final scene that suggests Macbeth‘s nightmarish cycle of betrayal and bloodshed is about to begin again. Heresy? Some viewers thought so, but it’s certainly a fitting denoument for the director’s unapologetically cynical interpretation. Met with a certain amount of consternation when it was released, Polanski’s Macbeth has aged relatively well; in the words of the Apollo Guide’s Patrick Byrne, it “forces Shakespeare into the modern terrain of sickly spiralling sensibilities, with blood, lust, and madness at the forefront.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1058988[/tomatometer]8. Death and the MaidenRich with ambiguity, dark secrets, the looming threat of violence, and a hint of domestic dischord, Ariel Dorfman’s play Death and the Maiden couldn’t have been better suited for the Polanski treatment if Polanski had written it himself. Starring Sigourney Weaver as Paulina Escobar, a woman whose haunting memories of imprisonment and rape are reawakened when her husband (Stuart Wilson) brings home a man she believes tortured her (Ben Kingsley), Maiden united one of Polanski’s strongest casts with some of his most familiar themes. Though it wasn’t one of his biggest financial successes, it signaled a critical return to form after the comparative disappointment of Bitter Moon; Marc Savlov of the Austin Chronicle was one of the writers who offered praise, calling Death and the Maiden “a streamlined razor-ride of a movie: taut, riveting, and a psychological horror show that will leave nail-marks in your palms for days afterwards.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1054353[/tomatometer]7. Cul-de-SacThe original poster for Cul-de-Sac featured a crude sketch prominently depicting a broken arm, a gun, a heart surrounded by darkness, and a shapely woman’s silhouette, proving that even this early in Polanski’s career, it was possible to distill the most crucial elements of his work. The tale of two gangsters (played by Lionel Stander and Jack MacGrowran) who invade the home of a married couple (Donald Pleasance and Françoise Dorléac) while on the lam after a robbery gone wrong, Cul-de-Sac represented something of a light departure for Polanski after the grim horror of 1965’s Repulsion, while still retaining his trademark fascination with the boundaries between violence, sex, and control. “If the subject matter is bleak and bitterly serious,” noted Time Out’s Geoff Andrew, “the tone throughout is darkly comic, while the precise imagery effortlessly conveys the tension, the claustrophobia, and the madness of the situation.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1021027[/tomatometer]6. The TenantFor the last installment in his loosely constructed “Apartment Trilogy,” Polanski directed Polanski: He stars in 1976’s The Tenant as the doomed Trelkovsky, a man whose unfortunate choice of new dwelling triggers a spiraling descent into madness. Or does it? Laden thick with symbolism and ambiguity, The Tenant unloads 125 minutes of black comedy and slowly dawning terror, then forces the viewer to figure out what it all means. Perhaps unsurprisingly, it didn’t resonate with audiences the same way Rosemary’s Baby had, nor did it land with the sort of cultural impact enjoyed by Repulsion; still, it’s a unique slice of psychological horror from a master of the genre. As Steve Biodrowski wrote for Cinefantastique, “Although overshadowed by director Roman Polanski’s more famous horror efforts…The Tenant is in many ways superior — a haunting, mesmerizing tale of a man’s loss of identity and descent into madness.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1116005[/tomatometer]5. The Pianist1999’s The Ninth Gate brought in the worst reviews Polanski had suffered since 1986’s much-maligned Pirates, but he rebounded in a major way with The Pianist. Adapted from Wladyslaw Szpilman’s autobiography, the film follows the painful journey of a Polish Jewish pianist (Adrien Brody) who, in spite of overwhelming odds and enormous hardships, clings to life during the Nazi occupation of World War II. Though the overwhelmingly positive response to The Pianist was partly overshadowed by Polanski’s ongoing legal problems, it was ultimately one of the biggest critical and commercial successes of his career, and went on to win Academy Awards for Best Actor, Best Director, and Adapted Screenplay. In the words of the Nation’s Stuart Klawans, “The Pianist is a serious movie brought out in a tabloid-besotted time, a prestige picture that invigorates, a study of character and history that knows irony to be a part of life and not the purpose of art.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1017900[/tomatometer]4. Rosemary’s BabyJust a few years after making the jump from the Polish film industry to Hollywood, Polanski was selected by Paramount production chief Robert Evans to helm the studio’s adaptation of the Ira Levin novel Rosemary’s Baby. The rest, as they say, is history. Though Polanski was still fairly green — it’s widely believed his screenplay ended up being extremely faithful to the book simply because he didn’t know he had the authority to take liberties with the source material — he ended up delivering one of the most enduringly successful horror movies ever produced. Anchored by Mia Farrow’s mesmerizing performance as a woman coming slowly unhinged with the certainty that she’s been impregnated by the devil, and bolstered by a supporting cast that included the Academy Award-winning Ruth Gordon, Rosemary’s Baby freaked out so many people that the novel’s sequel, Son of Rosemary, was a bestseller even though it took Levin 30 years to publish it. These days, we tend to think of horror as a dumping ground for cheap gore and naked teenagers, but Polanski proved it doesn’t always have to be that way. Summed up succinctly by Roger Ebert, “It is a creepy film and a crawly film, and a film filled with things that go bump in the night. It is very good.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1011693[/tomatometer]3. Knife in the WaterAfter spending several years honing his craft making short films, Polanski burst onto the international scene with Knife in the Water, one of the most critically adored full-length debuts in film history. It’s been pointed out that not much happens over the course of Knife‘s 94 minutes, but that’s precisely the point: Polanski has always excelled at illustrating how easy it is for people to tap into their darkest depths even in the most banal situations, and here, it doesn’t take much more than a married couple picking up a hitchhiker on their way to a day on the lake to set up an afternoon of tension, violence, and casual infidelity. It earned Polanski a Best Foreign Languange Film nomination at the 1963 Oscars, and has since acquired a reputation as one of the best first films ever made; in fact, according to Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com, it’s “the best ‘first,’ following only Citizen Kane.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1017414[/tomatometer]2. RepulsionEnglish-speaking audiences got their first taste of Polanski’s singular style with 1965’s Repulsion, a psychological thriller whose poster promised filmgoers a peek at “the nightmare world of a virgin’s dreams.” It delivered in disturbingly stylish spades, providing a young Catherine Deneuve with the breakout role of Carol Ledoux, a woman whose phobia of men has some truly hellish depths. One of the genre’s truly unreliable narrators, Carol is either living in one of London’s wackiest apartments or is constantly being pursued by everything from hands in the walls to sleazy gentleman callers. Either way, Repulsion offers some of the decade’s juiciest white-knuckle paranoid horror, and it announced Polanski as a talent too formidable to be ignored. In the words of Empire’s Kim Newman, “If hell is in the details, Roman Polanski has captured it here in his disturbing portrait of falling into psychosis.”[tomatometer]MuzeID=1004075[/tomatometer]1. ChinatownIn a filmography dotted with triumphs as significant as Rosemary’s Baby and The Pianist, it takes a truly special film to top them all — and 1974’s Chinatown is not only Roman Polanski’s personal best, it’s one of the most highly regarded films of all time, with the 11 Academy Award nominations (and one win, for Robert Towne’s Best Original Screenplay) to prove it. Starring Jack Nicholson as the duped-but-determined gumshoe Jake Gittes, Chinatown explored an oft-forgotten chapter in Los Angeles’ history while bringing film noir back to brilliant life for the ’70s. Though plans for a trilogy were scuttled after the sequel, The Two Jakes, flopped in 1990, Chinatown more than stands on its own; Towne’s script bustles with twists and double-crosses, and the cast, from Nicholson to Faye Dunaway and John Huston, is impeccable. As an example of a director in perfect control of his craft it’s hard to beat, which is just one of the many reasons it’s such a shame Polanski didn’t stay on the right side of the law; though he’s certainly gone on to make many more films, it’s hard not to wonder what he might have been able to do if things had worked out differently. Chinatown is, in the words of Combustible Celluloid’s Jeffrey M. Anderson, “As close to perfect as a movie can get.”In case you were wondering, here are Polanski’s top ten movies according RT users’ scores:1. The Pianist — 96%2. Chinatown — 96%3. Rosemary’s Baby — 91%4. Repusion — 91%5. Tess — 90%6. Knife in the Water — 87%7. The Tenant — 86%8. Death and the Maiden — 84%9. Bitter Moon — 83%10. Cul-de-Sac — 78%Take a look through Polanski’s complete filmography, as well as the rest of our Total Recall archives. And don’t forget to check out the reviews for The Ghost Writer.Finally, here’s the short film Mammals, one of Polanski’s earliest works:","section":"Total Recall","tags":"TV, Reviews, Witch, Rey, game, frames, hidden, Channel, TV, Films","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/macbeth.jpg","slug":"total-recall-roman-polanskis-best-movies"},{"id":"47509002902254","title":"50 Cent and the Power Book II: Ghost Cast Talk Taking Risks and Embracing the New Tariq","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})50 Cent and the Power Book II: Ghost Cast Talk Taking Risks and Embracing the New TariqStars Michael Rainey Jr., Naturi Naughton, and Method Man join the Power franchise executive producer to introduce a new chapter and new challenges.by RT Staff | August 20, 2020 |  CommentsPicking up just days after the events of the series finale of Power, spin-off/sequel series Power Book II: Ghost follows Tariq (Michael Rainey Jr.) as he begins to shape his own legacy separate from his father’s. The series features some returning favorites – among them Rainey Jr. and Naturi Naughton – as well as newcomers to the franchise, like Method Man, who plays a lawyer, and Mary J. Blige, who plays the maternal head of a powerful crime family. Ahead of the Starz series’ premiere, Rotten Tomatoes Editor Jacqueline Coley spoke with Rainey Jr., Naughton, Method Man, and producer 50 Cent about the big risks they took when they were Tariq’s age, why skeptical fans should embrace the newly unleashed Tariq, the people they admire who’ve made the leap from the music world to TV and film, and how the Power saga is set to evolve. Method Man also reveals how Denzel Washington’s Philadelphia performance helped shape his character.Power Book II: Ghost&nbsp;season 1 premieres on Sunday, September 6 at 9 p.m. on Starz.Power Book II: Ghost: Season 1 (2020)#1Adjusted Score: -0.328% Synopsis: \"POWER Book II: Ghost\" picks up shortly after the earth-shattering events of POWER as Tariq St. Patrick grapples with a... [More]Starring: Mary J. Blige, Michael Rainey Jr., Shane Johnson, Shane Mikael JohnsonDirected By: Hernan Otaño, Shana Stein, Bart Wenrich, Anthony Hemingway","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Holidays, Exclusive, motion, Office, See, globe, winner, Walking, Columbia, lee, drama, based, 2016, cats, Signature","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/20134437/power-book-ii-ghost-interviews-60x314.jpg","slug":"video-interview-50-cent-and-power-book-ii-ghost-season-1-cast"},{"id":"47509010644770","title":"Did The Lion King Live Up to Expectations?: The Ultimate Debate","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Did The Lion King Live Up to Expectations?: The Ultimate DebateMark Ellis, Jacqueline Coley, Maude Garrett, and Joel Meares discuss the merits of Jon Favreau's reimagining and whether or not audiences are growing tired of Disney's \"live-action\" remakes.by RT Staff | July 22, 2019 |  CommentsMane event Mark Ellis hosts a pride of movie experts — Geek Bomb’s Maude Garrett, and Rotten Tomatoes’ own Jacqueline Coley and Joel Meares — on the third Disney live-action remake in four months: The Lion King! Despite its pedigree and hype, The Lion King has a surprisingly low Tomatometer, so we’re all here to talk why. Were the songs not good enough? Was it too similar to the original? Was photo-realistic the way to go? Or does every one just need to relax and enjoy the ride? Join us in this circle of life, spoilers, and remake mania!The Lion King&nbsp;is in theaters now.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.#1The Lion King (2019) 52%#1Adjusted Score: 70.731% Critics Consensus: While it can take pride in its visual achievements,The Lion King is a by-the-numbers retelling that lacks the energy and heart that made the original so beloved--though for some fans that may just be enough.Synopsis: From Disney Live Action, director Jon Favreau's all-new \"The Lion King\" journeys to the African savanna where a future king... [More]Starring: Donald Glover, James Earl Jones, Billy Eichner, Seth RogenDirected By:","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"sequels, Emmy, popular, Amazon","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/22104419/Lion_King_After_Show_Rep.jpg","slug":"did-the-lion-king-live-up-to-expectations-the-ultimate-debate"},{"id":"47509015866188","title":"The Terror Comes at Night for Jared Harris and Crew in This Sneak Peek at Episode 4","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Terror Comes at Night for Jared Harris and Crew in This Sneak Peek at Episode 4The AMC horror-thriller is currently Certified Fresh with a 91% Tomatometer score.by Debbie Day | April 3, 2018 |  CommentsWith the expedition’s leadership compromised in Monday’s episode of The Terror, Francis Crozier (Jared Harris) steps up to command the survivors as they contend with the cunning attacks of what they come to realize is no ordinary bear. In this sneak peek at episode 4, “Punished, as a Boy,” Crozier and his men watch the sun rise and immediately set, plunging them into darkness — and dread. Thomas Blanky (Ian Hart) says, “The last of the year. It feels like an omen.”Critics Consensus: A thriller wrapped in a prestige drama package, The Terror makes for gripping, atmospheric supernatural horror.Tomatometer: Certified Fresh at 91%The Terror airs Mondays at 9 p.m. on AMC.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"japanese, heist, universal","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/03120312/TheTerror_S01_E04_SneakPeek_LastSunset-600x3141.jpg","slug":"video-the-terror-episode-4-sneak-peek"},{"id":"47509067364600","title":"Video: About Last Night Cast Name Their Naughty Bits","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: About Last Night Cast Name Their Naughty Bitsby Grae Drake | February 14, 2014 |  CommentsKevin Hart, Regina Hall, Michael Ealy, and Joy Bryant star in Valentine’s Day sauciest remake About Last Night Grae Drake goes for broke and gets the stars to dish on being walked in on during private moments, whether they would hook up in real life, and finally…what real life figure they would name their naughty bits after.&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Plus, streaming, supernatural, CNN","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-about-last-night-cast-name-their-naughty-bits"},{"id":"47509076057440","title":"Video Interview with Lily Tomlin from Admission","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video Interview with Lily Tomlin from Admissionby Grae Drake | March 21, 2013 |  CommentsComedy legend Lily Tomlin plays the no-nonsense gun-toting mother of Tina Fey in Admission. Senior Editor Grae Drake is fascinated by the idea of Lily shooting a rifle, and once they exhaust discussion of her history with cinematic firearms, she gets Lily to play an Admissions Officer for the Lily Tomlin School of Exuberant Grace. Did Taylor Swift make the cut?&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"video, crime, The, Hallmark, star, 2015, name, Schmidt","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-interview-with-lily-tomlin-from-admission"},{"id":"47509082639774","title":"Weekend Box Office Results: Tenet Crosses $200 Million Globally, But Slow U.S. Results Upend Release Calendar… Again","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekend Box Office Results: Tenet Crosses $200 Million Globally, But Slow U.S. Results Upend Release Calendar... AgainThe Christopher Nolan movie made $6.7 million on the weekend of September 11-13, as Candyman and Wonder Woman 1984 pushed their dates.by Erik Childress | September 13, 2020 |  CommentsLast week&nbsp;we were all easing back into a brief&nbsp;period of seeming normalcy with Warner Bros. finally launching Christopher Nolan’s&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;stateside. We were also still hedging our bets and putting kid gloves on while reporting what, if anything, the movie’s numbers meant about the state of moviegoing. This column has offered its own vision on how to look at them in the short term, but the studios are once again starting to look at the long game…King of the Crop:&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;Takes In $6.7 Million, But&nbsp;Calculating What That Means Is a Nolan-esque Mindbender(Photo by © Warner Bros.)Warner Bros. was choosing not to release daily breakdowns on the&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;numbers and for the second week in a row adopted the strategy of only releasing estimated totals for the film on Sunday morning. Based on reporting last week, we had a number of $20.2 million, which would have been a pretty on-target expected&nbsp;haul for the first (one-time-expected) blockbuster released since March, given what we had seen out of&nbsp;Unhinged&nbsp;and&nbsp;The New Mutants. However, further reporting revealed that the weekend number may have been more in the vicinity of just $12 million, with the rest of that $20.2 million coming from previews going back to the previous Monday. We knew some of the haul had come from earlier days last week, but may not have expected only 60% of that $20.2 million to have come over the four-day holiday. That brings us to this weekend.According to the studio,&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;led the box office this weekend with $6.7 million. That would be a 66.9% drop from the initially reported $20.2 million. However, if we look at the guesstimated breakdown to $12 million, that would be just a 44.2%. Except for the fact that Warner Bros. is saying that&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;dropped just 29% this weekend, which by most accounts is a very solid hold bringing its domestic total to $29.5 million. But if that is true that means the three-day weekend haul last week was more between $9 million and $10 million, with the additional money being made on the Monday holiday.That is less than half of what the average expectations were for Nolan’s film’s opening weekend, which is why rumors began to surface on the eve of the&nbsp;Dune&nbsp;trailer launch that WB was going to be pushing back&nbsp;Wonder Woman 1984&nbsp;from its October 2 slot; on Friday, they did just that, pushing the superhero flick to December 25, 2020.(Photo by George Kraychyk / © TriStar Pictures / Courtesy Everett Collection)Universal was the next to act, moving its&nbsp;Candyman&nbsp;remake into sometime in 2021. That leaves Kenneth Branagh’s&nbsp;Death on the Nile&nbsp;and Sony’s animated Lord and Miller production,&nbsp;Connected, opening on October 23, as the next major studio releases on the schedule. On the semi-bright side,&nbsp;Tenet&nbsp;is up to $207 million worldwide, surpassing WB’s&nbsp;Birds of Prey&nbsp;($201 million) for fifth place on the decimated 2020 chart, behind&nbsp;Bad Boys for Life,&nbsp;The Eight Hundred,&nbsp;Sonic the Hedgehog, and&nbsp;Dolittle.The only new release of the week was&nbsp;The Broken Hearts Gallery. Sony decided to adopt the WB method and kept its numbers from the record until this morning: the movie made $1.1 million in 2,204 theaters. That’s a $499 per-theater-average. Even if we apply our rule of 2.5-to-3x for the multiple, that would mean the movie would be on track to earn $2.75-to-$3.3 million total in normal times. Or, to put it in September release terms, a number between what was earned&nbsp;by last year’s&nbsp;The Goldfinch&nbsp;and 1988’s&nbsp;Moon Over Parador.Last week,&nbsp;Mulan&nbsp;grossed a reported $33.5 million from more than 1.1 homes&nbsp;with&nbsp;its $US29.99 Premium On Demand&nbsp;release on Disney+. This weekend, it made another $23.2 million opening in China for an international gross of $37.6 million. (That comes with a blackout on local press covering the film there due to&nbsp;several controversies.) Also last week, the column suggested&nbsp;The New Mutants&nbsp;was headed for a final tally between $16.9 million and $20.3 million; its total this weekend stands at $15.3 million.&nbsp;Unhinged&nbsp;is not putting up big numbers, but they are a little better&nbsp;when compared against&nbsp;the August releases we had it in league last week. With $13.8 million total, it just outgrossed 2014’s&nbsp;Sin City: A Dame to Die For. So that’s…something.On This Weekend’s Dates&nbsp;In Box Office History…(Photo by © Pixar, © Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)With so little action in our current-day box office, we’re casting our eyes back this week.September 11:&nbsp;Five years ago, Pixar’s&nbsp;Inside Out&nbsp;surpassed $350 million with $283,530 on its 85th&nbsp;day of release. At the time it was the second-highest–grossing film for the animation company behind just&nbsp;Toy Story 3. Since then,&nbsp;Finding Dory,&nbsp;Incredibles 2, and&nbsp;Toy Story 4&nbsp;have all surpassed it. Fifteen years ago, in 2005,&nbsp;Wedding Crashers&nbsp;passed $200 million on its 59th&nbsp;day of release with $738,000, making it the sixth-highest–grossing “R”-rated film ever at the time.September 12:&nbsp;In 2015, Marvel’s&nbsp;Ant-Man&nbsp;made it to $175 million, grossing $811,713 on day 58. Back in 1993,&nbsp;In the Line of Fire&nbsp;reached $100 million on its 66th&nbsp;day of release, with $338,164. Fifteen years later, Ben Stiller’s&nbsp;Tropic Thunder&nbsp;grossed $1.21 million to cross $100 million on its 31st&nbsp;day of release. A year later, Quentin Tarantino would accomplish the same feat with&nbsp;Inglourious Basterds,&nbsp;doing it by grossing $2.78 million on just its 23rd&nbsp;day in theaters.September 13:&nbsp;Day 44 of release for James Gunn’s&nbsp;Guardians of the Galaxy&nbsp;was a momentous one: it grossed $3.9 million to pass $300 million. It took 93 days and another $178,547 for&nbsp;How To Train Your Dragon 2&nbsp;to reach $175 million.&nbsp;Stephen King’s It&nbsp;only took six days to gross $150 million when it made $7.9 million on this day in 2017. Then we have a quartet of $100 million passers.&nbsp;American Pie&nbsp;did it in 1999 on its 67th&nbsp;day with $73,625;&nbsp;Step Brothers&nbsp;crossed the line on day 51 with $190,687; and Disney’s&nbsp;Freaky Friday&nbsp;remake made it with $2.01 million on day 39. But it was this day in 2002 that was part of one of the most historic runs in box office history: With $3.05 million,&nbsp;My Big Fat Greek Wedding&nbsp;made it to $100 million on its 148th&nbsp;day of release.What&nbsp;Should&nbsp;Have Been This WeekendThis was to be the weekend of the latest film in The Conjuring universe. The James Wan-less&nbsp;The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It&nbsp;was going to be battling&nbsp;A Quiet Place Part II&nbsp;for number 1 at the box office when that film initially moved from March to September in what looked like a pretty horror-centric month. Alas, the third entry in the series, helmed by&nbsp;The Curse of La Llorona’s Michael Chaves, was pushed back to June 4, 2021.Full List of Box Office Results: September 11-13, 2020 70% Tenet (2020)$6.7 million ($29.5 million total) 35% The New Mutants (2020)$2.05 million ($15.29 million total) 48% Unhinged (2020)$1.5 million ($13.83 million total) 78% The Broken Hearts Gallery (2020)$1.13 million ($1.13 million total) 92% The Personal History of David Copperfield (2020)$193,000 ($1.4 million total)Erik Childress can be heard each week evaluating box office on&nbsp;WGN Radio&nbsp;with Nick Digilio as well as on&nbsp;Business First AM&nbsp;with Angela Miles and his&nbsp;Movie Madness Podcast.[box office figures via&nbsp;Box Office Mojo]","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Animation","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/21123730/Tenet-First_Reviews-Rep.jpg","slug":"weekend-box-office-results-tenet-crosses-200-globally"},{"id":"47509095963168","title":"Box Office: It Returns to #1 Spot in 4th Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: It Returns to #1 Spot in 4th WeekendIn its fourth round, the horror sensation It reclaimed its position at the top of the box officeby Gitesh Pandya | October 1, 2017 |  CommentsIn its fourth round, the horror sensation It&nbsp;reclaimed its position at the top of the North American box office winning a tight three-way race for number one. Dropping only 42%, the Warner Bros. smash took in an estimated $17.3M propelling its domestic haul to a staggering $291.2M. At its current pace,&nbsp;It&nbsp;should break the $300M mark on Saturday, October 7th, and reaching a $325M final seems likely.The Pennywise creepfest is already the fourth highest grossing R-rated movie of all-time ranking just behind&nbsp;The Passion of the Christ,&nbsp;Deadpool, and&nbsp;American Sniper&nbsp;which all did over $350M. The Stephen King story is truly a worldwide phenomenon. Overseas markets were hot once again and took in an estimated $35.6M lifting the total to $262M for a global gross of $553.2M. With Italy and Japan still to open,&nbsp;It&nbsp;should be able to cruise past the $650M threshold – a monster result for a film coming out of September.Inches behind&nbsp;It&nbsp;in a two-film tie for second place was last week’s top film Kingsman The Golden Circle&nbsp;with an estimated $17M for a steep 56% fall in its sophomore session. Action sequels often drop this hard on the second weekend. Cume for Fox now stands at $66.7M on its way to a $100M finish.The new&nbsp;Kingsman&nbsp;scored a large international frame with $50.5M from 77 markets powered by a massive $16.2M debut in South Korea. The U.K. still tops all markets with $20.3M through its second weekend there. The overseas total rose to $126.2M putting the worldwide tally at $192.9M with key territories like France, China, and Japan still to come as the sequel aims to beat the $400M of the first&nbsp;Kingsman.Tom Cruise saw his latest film&nbsp;American Made&nbsp;also gross an estimated $17M this weekend and final numbers to be reported on Monday will determine if the veteran star will finish with the silver or the bronze for the frame. Universal’s R-rated film averaged a good $5,622 from 3,024 locations and skewed older male. Studio data showed that 56% were over 30 and 55% were men.Reviews were quite good for the Doug Liman-directed film. The opening came in under Cruise’s last fall actioner&nbsp;Jack Reacher: Never Go Back&nbsp;which bowed to $22.9M last October on its way to a $58.7M final. Should&nbsp;American Made&nbsp;play out at the same pace, it would end up near the $45M mark which would be extremely low by the standards of a film anchored by Cruise. The international total is $64.7M from 61 markets with Russia and Japan still to come.Based on weekend estimates released on Sunday, these three films are in a narrow range atop the box office and the final order might change. Saturday-to-Sunday declines that studios are projecting are 44% for&nbsp;It, 40% for&nbsp;Kingsman, and 36% for&nbsp;American Made.The underperforming toon The LEGO Ninjago Movie&nbsp;was off 41% in its second weekend grossing an estimated $12M for a cume of only $35.6M. That’s down a disturbing 63% from last February’s The LEGO Batman Movie&nbsp;over the same amount of time. A $65M final may result which would be less than just the opening weekend of the first LEGO Movie.Opening to soft results in fifth place was the remake thriller&nbsp;Flatliners&nbsp;which attracted an estimated $6.7M worth of business this weekend. Sony went into 2,552 locations with the PG-13 pic but averaged only $2,625. Critics were not given a chance to review in advance and even the standard Thursday night pre-shows were not done to delay audience word-of-mouth. Reviews for the $19M production coming out since its release have been negative across-the-board.The acclaimed tennis pic&nbsp;Battle of the Sexes&nbsp;expanded nationwide and took in an estimated $3.4M from 1,213 locations for a $2,803 average. Fox Searchlight’s Emma Stone-Steve Carell starrer has taken in $4.1M since opening a week ago in limited release. Off 47% was the action title American Assassin&nbsp;with an estimated $3.3M and $31.9M overall for Lionsgate.Reese Witherspoon followed with her comedy Home Again&nbsp;which dropped 46% to an estimated $1.8M putting Open Road at $25.2M. The relationship thriller&nbsp;Til Death Do Us Part&nbsp;debuted to an estimated $1.6M from 562 theaters for a $2,790 average. Rounding out the top ten was the polarizing drama mother!&nbsp;which fell 56% to an estimated $1.5M giving Paramount just $16.3M.The top ten films grossed an estimated $81.5M which was down 20% from last year when&nbsp;Miss Peregrine&nbsp;opened at number one with $28.9M; and down 42% from 2015 when&nbsp;The Martian&nbsp;debuted in the top spot with&nbsp;$54.3M.Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following BoxOfficeGuru.com on&nbsp;Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"on, spanish, Anna, canceled, Western","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/01150839/RT_BoxOffice_It3_600X314.jpg","slug":"box-office-it-returns-to-1-spot-in-4th-weekend"},{"id":"47509104710268","title":"Box Office: The Force is Still Awake","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: The Force is Still Awakeby Sujit Chawla | December 27, 2015 |  CommentsThis weekend, in what should come as no surprise to anyone, The Force was ridiculously strong at the box office again this weekend while a number of other films opened from extremely well to really poor over the Christmas weekend.Setting records left and right, Star Wars: The Force Awakens&nbsp;remained at number one at the box office for a second straight weekend, bringing in a towering $153M according to estimates, a fall of only 38% from last weekend, bringing its total to an out-of-this-world $544.6M after only ten days. &nbsp;Throw in another $546M from overseas and its worldwide total is an astounding $1.1B. &nbsp;Along the way it has set records for fastest film to every milestone imaginable and the only question now is, how fast will it take down&nbsp;Avatar and become the highest grossing film of all-time? &nbsp;Avatar sits at $760M and it’s conceivable that&nbsp;The Force Awakens may make another $100 next weekend (which would be a 35% drop from this weekend). &nbsp;Add in holiday-week grosses that match last week (which was just under $150M) and by the end of next weekend it could very well be the new box office champ. &nbsp;And it’ll only be at the end of its third weekend! &nbsp;Is it really that crazy to think it could hit a billion dollars just domestically? &nbsp;At this point I’d say nothing is off the table when it comes to Star Wars.There were other films in the marketplace this weekend. &nbsp;Second place belonged to the team of Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg in Daddy’s Home. The unlikely comedy duo took in an estimated $38.8M this weekend from 3,271 theaters for a per screen average of $11,862. &nbsp;Critics may have savaged the film but audiences seem to like these two coming together in a standard comedy.Third place belonged to David O. Russell’s Joy starring his now usual stable of actors including Jennifer Lawrence, Robert De Niro and Bradley Cooper. &nbsp;Critics were mixed on this awards-bait film but audiences were somewhat kinder as the film made $17.5M, according to estimates, this weekend from 2,896 theaters for a per screen average of $6,043 – good but not great. &nbsp;It seems a lot of prestige pictures this year aren’t making the dent we’ve seen in past years. &nbsp;Is it possible the Star Wars wattage could also take it to Oscar glory?A couple of holdovers rounded out the top five with Universal’s&nbsp;Sisters dropping almost nothing from last weekend to an estimated $13.8M this weekend, bringing its cume to $37.1M. &nbsp;Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip also had a decent decline falling only 11% in its second weekend to an estimated $12.7M, bringing its total up to $39.4M.Will Smith’s latest attempt at getting an Oscar opened this weekend in sixth place as&nbsp;the football drama Concussion took in an estimated $11M from 2,841 theaters for a per screen average of a poor $3,872. &nbsp;One has to imagine the NFL is pretty happy with this result. &nbsp;The film had the best critical reviews for films opening wide this weekend, and audiences gave it an A CinemaScore so it’s possible it’ll hold on over the next few weeks and a possible Best Actor nomination may turn a few heads.The Big Short expanded nationwide this weekend and landed in seventh place with an estimated $10.5M from 1,585 theaters for a per screen average of $6,637 which again is good, but not great. &nbsp;It’s almost as if no one wants to take the early lead in Oscar voting this year.Yet another film opened wide this weekend and it was Point Break which took in an estimated $10.2M from 2,910 theaters for a per screen average of $3,512. &nbsp;Critics completely tore this movie apart as it currently sits at a whopping 4% positive on Rotten Tomatoes with audiences giving it only a B CinemaScore which means the road ahead is most likely a dead end.A couple of long-term holdovers rounded out the top 10 with The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2 taking in an estimated $5.3M in its sixth weekend bringing its cume up to $264M and Creed fighting its way to an estimated $4.6M in its fifth weekend bringing its total to $96M.There were some other award-potential films lurking outside of the top 10, the most notable being Quentin Tarantino’s The Hateful Eight which brought in an estimated $4.5M from only 100 theaters for a per screen average of a scorching $45,366 and Leonardo DiCaprio’s The Revenant which made $451,000 from only 4 theaters for an average of an astounding $117,750. &nbsp;Could these two films gain some traction heading into awards season?The top ten films grossed $278M which was up 56% from last year when The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies&nbsp;remained at number one with $40.9M; and up 66% from 2013 when The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug&nbsp;also remained in the top spot with $29M.Compared to projections, Daddy’s Home and Joy opened ahead of Gitesh’s respective $24M and $17M forecasts while both Concussion and Point Break debuted on target with his predictions of $11M and $9M respectively.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"canceled, Schedule, universe, rom-coms, international, Walt, Rocky","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/27163300/600StarWarsFA.jpg","slug":"box-office-the-force-is-still-awake"},{"id":"47509117938420","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Summer Closes with Butler Topping Record Labor Day","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Summer Closes with Butler Topping Record Labor Dayby Gitesh Pandya | September 2, 2013 |  CommentsMoviegoers ended their summer by spreading dollars across a wide variety of films helping the North American box office deliver a record-breaking Labor Day holiday frame. An astonishing 26 different films grossed more than $1M over the Friday-to-Monday weekend with two of them making a legitimate claim to the number one spot. Traditionally, the holiday is judged by the four-day period which saw the popular White House drama The Butler spend its third consecutive term in the top position. However over the three-day Friday-to-Sunday period, the rapidly-eroding boy band doc One Direction: This Is Us was the leader. Regardless, the box office broke the old Labor Day weekend record set back in 2007 as the Top 20 grossed over $140M across four days.The durable White House drama The Butler was once again the most popular draw in its third term with word-of-mouth continuing to take the film out to new audiences. The Weinstein Co. hit took in an estimated $20M over four days upping the cume to a robust $79.3M. The Friday-to-Sunday portion dipped by only 10%. Look for a final tally of about $120M making it the surprise winner of this year’s big race between White House flicks beating out big-budget action pics Olympus Has Fallen ($98.9M) and White House Down ($72.4M). Butler is the first film of 2013 to spend three weeks at number one. The last movie to threepeat was The Hobbit in December.Teen girls with short attention spans drove the boy band concert pic One Direction: This Is Us into the number two spot over the long holiday weekend, while also taking number one over the Friday-to-Sunday portion. The Sony release debuted to an estimated $18M over the Friday-to-Monday long weekend and averaged a decent $6,581 from 2,735 theaters helped in part by higher 3D ticket prices. Over the three-day span, its $15.8M edged out Butler’s $14.9M.The zero-patience fan base came out upfront as sales were extremely frontloaded. Friday saw an opening day of $8.8M including $2.7M from Thursday night shows starting at 7pm. Then grosses collapsed 54% Saturday to $4.1M. The studio saw a 28% drop Sunday while competing films either rose or dipped by less than 10%. A Monday slide of 25% is projected although the four-day figure may fall below $18M when final grosses are all tabulated.Direction was a one-quadrant hit as studio research showed that the audience was 87% female and 65% under 17. Fans liked what they saw – the CinemaScore grade was an encouraging A. It was a far better opening than last summer’s Katy Perry: Part of Me which bowed to $10.2M over a five-day holiday frame, but also well short of the $29.5M three-day launch of Justin Bieber’s pic released right before Valentine’s Day 2011. Reviews were generally positive. Overseas, One Direction scored a debut of $14.5M from a wide launch in 53 territories led by $5.7M including previews from the group’s home market of the U.K.Taking in strong holdover biz was the popular comedy We’re the Millers with an estimated $15.9M over four days for third place. The three-day portion dipped a scant 3% from last weekend. That put the Warner Bros. release at $112.9M giving Jennifer Aniston the sixth $100M+ domestic grosser of her career. Also, Warner Bros. achieved an amazing feat as all six of its big summer releases have now grossed north of $100M domestically for a combined $894M from North America alone.The kid marketplace remained dominated by Disney’s Planes which followed with an estimated $10.7M over the long weekend for $73.8M to date.Lionsgate scored a huge hit in fifth place with a sensational debut for the Spanish-language family comedy Instructions Not Included which grossed an estimated $10M from only 347 theaters for a scorching $28,818 average. Driven by Latino audiences and targeted marketing, the PG-13 film about a playboy bachelor thrust into fatherhood connected with its target audience and earned a glowing A+ CinemaScore.Sci-fi pic Elysium held up very well with an estimated $8.3M for a cume of $80.4M for Sony. Studio stablemate The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones followed with a large drop falling in its second weekend to an estimated $6.8M. Cume is a dull $24.3M.A similar sophomore fate was in store for the British comedy The World’s End which grossed an estimated $6.1M. Focus has $17.9M to date. Next was the fantasy adventure Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters with an estimated $6.1M and a $56.6M sum for Fox.The critically-panned kidnapping thriller Getaway failed to connect with paying audiences opening in tenth place to an estimated $5.5M. Averaging a weak $2,596 from 2,130 locations, the PG-13 film released by Warner Bros. and starring Ethan Hawke and Selena Gomez also disappointed those who did come out and buy tickets earning a lackluster C+ grade from CinemaScore. Getaway is a prime example of the kind of film that studios quietly dump out at the end of the summer movie season knowing that is has zero chance of succeeding.Two new wide releases from specialty distributors failed to make the top ten this weekend. The British crime thriller Closed Circuit bowed to just $3.1M over four days from 870 locations for a mild $3,607 average. Focus collected only $3.6M since its Wednesday launch. Reviews were mixed.The Weinstein Co. went nationwide with its martial arts epic The Grandmaster after a week in platform release but found few takers. The Wong Kar Wai film grossed an estimated $3.1M from 749 sites for a $4,168 four-day average. Total is $3.3M.Paramount’s double feature promotion for its summer action hits World War Z and Star Trek Into Darkness led to some extra late summer cash sending the Brad Pitt zombie flick into the double-century club. Surrounded by negative buzz in the months before its release, Z has since won over audiences and stands as the actor’s highest-grossing film ever both domestically ($200.6M) and worldwide ($532M). The latest Trek sits at $228.5M and $463M.Also reaching a milestone this weekend was the mega-budgeted monster film Pacific Rim which finally crossed the $100M domestic mark thanks to Warner Bros. expanding it. North America is the second biggest market for the sci-fi pic with $100.3M as China has amassed a stellar $108.6M driving the global gross to $405M and counting.The top ten films grossed an estimated $107.4M over four days which was up 6% from last year’s Labor Day frame when The Possession opened at number one with $21.1M; and up 8% from 2011 when The Help stayed in the top spot for a third time with $19.9M in its fourth frame.Follow Gitesh on Twitter!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"SDCC, werewolf","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Summer-Closes-with-Butler-Topping-Record-Labor-Day"},{"id":"47509132344183","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Fockers Win Ho-Ho-Hum Weekend","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Fockers Win Ho-Ho-Hum WeekendPlus, the Coens show True Grit and Gulliver's Travels flops.by Gitesh Pandya | December 28, 2010 |  CommentsWith studios dropping lumps of coal into North American multiplexes, many moviegoers stayed away over the Christmas holiday weekend as the box office fell sharply from recent years. Christmas Eve fell on a Friday helping to disrupt business, but a lack of exciting product prevented any one film from becoming a sensation.Universal saved itself from ending the year with only one number one hit with the comedy sequel Little Fockers which topped the yuletide frame with an estimated $34M from Friday-to-Sunday. The critically panned pic grabbed $48.3M since its Wednesday debut and joined Despicable Me as the studio’s only releases in 2010 to open in the top spot. Fockers averaged $9,620 from 3,536 theaters over the weekend period.Though claiming the box office crown, the Robert De Niro-Ben Stiller threequel attracted the worst reviews of the series and opened 32% below the $70.5M five-day Christmas launch of 2004’s Meet the Fockers during the exact same days. Factor in rising ticket prices and a whopping 45% fewer people turned out for the latest installment.With a $100M budget — hefty for a non-effects comedy — the new Fockers succeeded in funneling large paychecks to its principal cast members. Studio research showed that the audience was 57% female and 53% over 30. A poor B- CinemaScore grade indicates bad buzz in the days ahead from those who bought tickets already.The Coen brothers gave Paramount a Christmas gift with the better-than-expected showing for True Grit which opened to an estimated $25.6M over the weekend and $36.8M across the five days since its Wednesday launch. Loved by critics, the PG-13 Western remake starring Jeff Bridges and Matt Damon averaged a sturdy $8,402 from 3,047 locations over the weekend which was especially impressive given the Friday hit all films took on Christmas Eve when many theaters close early. The lucrative holiday week ahead could help it make a run for the $100M club. Produced for only $38M, Grit should become a moneymaker despite how it fares overseas in the new year.Bridges showed up in the number three position as well. Disney’s pricey action film Tron Legacy ranked third for the holiday frame with an estimated $20.1M falling a steep 54% from its top spot debut. The PG-rated effects pic has grossed $88.3M in ten days and will break nine digits before the end of the year on its way to possibly breaking $150M from North America as well.Enjoying the smallest drop of any film in wide release, The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader collected an estimated $10.8M representing a slim 13% dip. But Fox’s 17-day cume for the big-budget 3D adventure rose to just $63.9M which was still below the $65.6M opening weekend of The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe from December 2005.Family audiences rejected the 3D kidpic Yogi Bear which was hoping for a strong Christmas hold but instead suffered a 46% fall to an estimated $8.8M. With just $36.8M in ten days, the PG-rated pic will struggle to break even given the production cost and marketing expenses. Like so many others this holiday season, audiences are finding this to be a subpar 3D entry not worth paying extra money for.Paramount’s boxing drama The Fighter held up reasonably well in a crowded marketplace for adult dramas by dipping 30% to an estimated $8.5M. With $27.6M so far, the Mark Wahlberg-Christian Bale pic aims to use good word-of-mouth and awards buzz to keep it in the top ten over the weeks to come as the holiday turkeys fizzle away.Setting sail with a lackluster debut was Jack Black’s 3D kidpic Gulliver’s Travels which opened on Christmas Day Saturday to an estimated weekend take of $7.2M over two days instead of the usual three. Fox hopes to play well through this holiday week and into New Year’s weekend, but this PG-rated film is just the latest in a string of subpar family offerings in 3D to be rejected by parents not interested in paying so much money for mediocre quality. While Disney’s TRON and Tangled have worked, underwhelming numbers have been seen for Gulliver, Yogi Bear, Narnia, Legend of the Guardians, Alpha and Omega, Cats &amp; Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore, and others. Studios are slowly learning that there are simply too many 3D movies these days.Fox Searchlight’s awards darling Black Swan dipped 21% to an estimated $6.6M for a sturdy cume to date of $29M. Expanding from 900 to 1,466 locations in its fourth weekend, the Natalie Portman starrer is on its way to becoming one of the distributor’s top-grossing titles ever.Disney’s hit toon Tangled was close behind with an estimated $6.5M, off 26%, for a $143.8M tally thus far. The Rapunzel film is now the second highest-grossing film of the holiday season trailing only Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 which raised its total to $272.8M for the number 49 spot on the list of all-time domestic blockbusters. Rounding out the top ten was the Johnny Depp-Angelina Jolie dud The Tourist which dropped 33% to an estimated $5.7M and a $41.2M cume to date.The Weinstein Co. enjoyed a good expansion for its awards contender The King’s Speech which went nationwide on Saturday into 700 locations and banked an estimated $4.6M over the weekend. Averaging a healthy $6,511, the Colin Firth pic has taken in $8.4M overall.More specialty films got their platform debuts in before the upcoming Oscar deadline. Sofia Coppola’s Somewhere bowed to an estimated $142,000 from seven sites for a solid $20,322 average over three days for Focus. Sony released its Gwenyth Paltrow pic Country Strong in two theaters with $34,642 over the weekend and a $17,321 average. Totals since their mid-week launches are $196,000 and $47,000 respectively.The top ten films grossed an estimated $133.8M which was down a sharp 48% from last year when Avatar stayed in the top spot with $75.6M; and down 21% from 2008 when Marley &amp; Me opened at number one with $36.4M. Christmas Eve did not fall on the weekend during either of those two years.Author: Gitesh Pandya, Box Office Guru!","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"First, winner, Netflix, killer, Lifetime, 93rd, Star, hard, Paquin, ratings, 72, indie, Prime, diversity","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Fockers-Win-HoHoHum-Weekend"},{"id":"47509142480854","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: Paul Blart Segways Ahead of the Competition","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: Paul Blart Segways Ahead of the CompetitionBlart beats all comers with a $33M MLK weekend.by Gitesh Pandya | January 19, 2009 |  CommentsThis weekend the North American box office was on fire once again as four new releases all scored muscular debuts helping to drive the marketplace to the biggest January weekend in history as ticket buyers flooded the multiplexes over a record-shattering Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday frame. The Kevin James comedy Paul Blart: Mall Cop surged ahead of expectations to easily win the session while the R-rated films My Bloody Valentine 3D and Notorious also generated stellar numbers. Kidpic Hotel for Dogs debuted to some nice figures as well joining its fellow newcomers in the top five. All four new films opened to more than $20M each over the extended four-day Friday-to-Monday period.Santa must have given Hollywood studios crystal balls because just about everything tossed into theaters over the last four weeks has been met with a great response from moviegoers who seem to be in the mood to see anything. In fact since Christmas, a whopping eleven films have opened to $17M or more. That compares to just four from the same period a year ago. The Top 20 grossed a jaw-dropping $185M over the Friday-to-Sunday span this weekend beating last Thanksgiving’s holiday frame by an amazing 15%. Over the four-day span, the Top 20 soared to $222M edging last Memorial Day’s Friday-to-Monday session by 3%. The MLK frame has never been this potent.[rtimage]MapID=1203495&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=12&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Sony topped the charts with Paul Blart taking in an estimated $39M over four days beating the studio’s most aggressive forecasts. The PG-rated comedy averaged a superb $12,405 from 3,144 locations and established James as a bankable funnyman. Look for future paydays to climb rapidly. Having anchored the hit sitcom King of Queens, the actor has never opened a film on his own and instead has taken sidekick roles next to more established box office titans like Will Smith in Hitch and Adam Sandler in I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry. Blart’s three-day debut of $31.8M actually beat out the openings of recent films from both of those stars. Smith’s Seven Pounds bowed to just $14.9M while Sandler’s Bedtime Stories debuted to $27.5M. James attracted mostly negative reviews which meant nothing to moviegoers looking just for 90 minutes of mindless fun.Budgeted at only $26M, the film should turn out to be a nice little moneymaker for Sony and Sandler whose company Happy Madison produced. Exit polls showed that males and females were evenly represented while those under 25 made up 56% of the crowd. Friday saw a solid start with a stellar $9.8M while Saturday jumped a healthy 35% to $13.2M with family audiences making the trip out. Blart also registered the third largest January opening ever.[rtimage]MapID=1201456&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=37&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Clint Eastwood held his own against the $110M of business stolen away by the four new releases this long weekend. His Gran Torino dropped to the runnerup spot in its second weekend of wide release pulling in an estimated $26.2M. The three-day portion fell just 25%. Warner Bros. is enjoying the same strong legs that most of Eastwood’s films have since the Oscar-winner’s older-skewing fan base usually comes out over time and not upfront in the first weekend. With $77.2M already in the tank, Torino could soar to $140M or more by the end of its lucrative run.[rtimage]MapID=1198508&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=4&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]The battle for third place was tight but over the four-day Friday-to-Monday period, the horror film My Bloody Valentine 3D eked out the victory. The Lionsgate terrorfest bowed to an estimated $24.2M from 2,534 theaters for a terrific $9,569 average. It was the widest debut ever for a 3D film with 1,033 (41%) of those locations featuring the digital 3D presentation. The extra $2-3 per ticket that exhibitors charged for the new technology also helped to pump up the grosses. The three-day period saw $21.3M in sales. Valentine showed how strong demand is for an interesting horror film at the beginning of the year as it followed the strong $19.8M debut of last weekend’s PG-13 supernatural thriller The Unborn. Critics were surprisingly upbeat for Valentine. This was that rare weekend when the best reviewed new release was a gory horror flick.[rtimage]MapID=1194813&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=5&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Close behind in fourth place, but with the heaviest average of the weekend, was the biopic Notorious which grossed an estimated $24M from only 1,638 theaters. Averaging a sizzling $14,652, the R-rated story of the slain rap superstar gave Fox Searchlight the biggest debut in company history. It was also the best opening weekend average for a wide release since November’s Twilight. The three-day bow was $20.5M. Reviews were mixed for Notorious which attracted the multicultural fans of the late music star. Searchlight’s choice of release date was no coincidence as it knew that a film about a popular African American entertainer would sell opening over Martin Luther King weekend, and just days before the Obama Inauguration.[rtimage]MapID=1197313&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=31&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Kids and tweens lined up for the comedy Hotel for Dogs which debuted in fifth place with $17M over three days and $22.5M over the long holiday frame. The PG-rated Paramount release averaged a respectable $6,879 over four days from 3,271 locations.A pair of sophomore titles followed. The wedding comedy Bride Wars fell to an estimated $14M pushing its 11-day total to $39.9M. Budgeted at $30M, the Kate Hudson-Anne Hathaway pic should go on to gross about $65M for Fox. Universal’s hit thriller The Unborn scared up an estimated $11M for a cume of $34.2M in 11 days. With a low $16M price tag, the PG-13 fright flick looks to reach $50M.Paramount Vantage went nationwide with its Holocaust drama Defiance and ended up at number eight with a respectable four-day estimate of $10.7M. The Daniel Craig pic averaged a moderate $5,981 from 1,789 sites and has taken in $11M since its platform debut on New Year’s Eve. Two-time box office king Marley &amp; Me followed in ninth with an estimated $7.5M. The Fox overachiever raised its impressive total to $133.9M making it the top-grossing film of Jennifer Aniston’s career when in a lead role.[rtimage]MapID=1198041&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=17&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]A sweep of last Sunday’s Golden Globes helped make Jamal Malik a richer kid. Slumdog Millionaire, winner of Best Picture – Drama and three other trophies, lost 19 theaters but saw sales surge to an estimated $7.2M leading to a potent $12,285 average from 582 locations. The three-day tally of $5.8M soared 54%. Fox Searchlight has already taken in $44M and will expand the indie hit nationwide to about 1,300 runs this Friday, a day after Academy Award nominations are announced. Slumdog jumped up a spot to number one in the United Kingdom this weekend and will open in India on Friday.Other films winning Globe statues also saw their grosses rise. Searchlight’s The Wrestler which took home two awards for Best Actor – Drama for Mickey Rourke and Best Song for Bruce Springsteen more than doubled its take to an estimated $2.1M. The film also expanded by 84 theaters and averaged a sturdy $14,410 from 144 sites. Kate Winslet’s Revolutionary Road, which won her a Best Actress – Drama prize, grossed an estimated $2.2M, up 24% over the three-day portion. The Paramount Vantage release averaged a solid $12,614 per location over four days from 171 playdates and will expand nationwide this Friday into 800 venues. Totals stand at $5.4M and $6.1M, respectively.[rtimage]MapID=1192085&amp;MapTypeID=2&amp;photo=12&amp;legacy=1[/rtimage]Those snubbed by the Hollywood Foreign Press suffered declines this weekend. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button dropped 40% (over the three-day portion) to an estimated $6.6M for Paramount lifting the total to $103.6M. The Meryl Streep pic Doubt fell 51% to an estimated $1.5M giving Miramax $25.5M to date. Declining 41% was Sean Penn’s Milk with an estimated $921,000 and a $20.5M cume. Frost/Nixon slid by 26% to an estimated $789,000 putting the sum at $8.7M for Universal. A Best Picture nod from the Academy this week could revive any of these films in the weeks ahead.Elsewhere below the top ten, Overture expanded its Dustin Hoffman-Emma Thompson comedy Last Chance Harvey from 16 to 1,054 theaters nationwide and posted an estimated $5.1M, a decent bow in a crowded marketplace. Averaging $4,858, the PG-13 title has collected $5.7M since its limited debut in late December. Warner Bros. released its first Bollywood film with Chandni Chowk to China and grossed an estimated $700,000 from 130 theaters for a respectable $5,385 average.The top ten films grossed an estimated $186.3M over four days which was up an impressive 23% from last year when Cloverfield opened in the top spot with $46.1M; and up a stunning 69% from 2006’s MLK frame when Stomp the Yard debuted at number one with $25.9M.Compared to projections, the four new releases all soared higher than my three-day forecasts of $11M for Paul Blart: Mall Cop, $17M for My Bloody Valentine 3D, $13M for Notorious, and $14M for Hotel for Dogs.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Series, drama, crossover, war, USA","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Paul-Blart-Segways-Ahead-of-the-Competition"},{"id":"47509154209851","title":"Box Office Guru Wrapup: \"Pirates\" #1, \"Knocked Up\" Strong #2","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Wrapup: \"Pirates\" #1, \"Knocked Up\" Strong #2by Gitesh Pandya | June 3, 2007 |  CommentsDisney still claimed the most popular film in the land with \"Pirates of the Caribbean: At World’s End\" despite a drop that was sizable even by tentpole standards. Universal generated a stronger than expected debut for its new adult comedy \"Knocked Up\" which pushed its way into the runnerup spot sending Shrek the Third down to third in weekend number three.For the first time in over a year, three different films grossed over $25M each in the same weekend. But the overall marketplace posted numbers typical for early June and did not flex the kind of muscles the industry would expect when three of the most expensive films ever made were all playing simultaneously.Johnny Depp was still king of the world and collected an estimated $43.2M for \"At World’s End\" in its second weekend in theaters. Down a sharp 62%, the latest high seas adventure has now taken in a solid $216.5M worth of treasure in ten-plus days of release. The drop was identical to the fall that \"Spider-Man 3\" suffered in its sophomore session last month but larger than the 54% decline witnessed by \"Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man’s Chest\" last July.Sophomore drops for other effects-driven action pictures debuting over the Memorial Day holiday frame include 67% for last year’s \"X-Men: The Last Stand\" and 60% for 2004’s \"The Day After Tomorrow.\" Those two films saw their ten-day cumes account for 75% and 70% of their final cumes, respectively. Based on its opening and sophomore drop, \"At World’s End\" may end up with $310-320M domestically. Though it would be significantly behind the $423.3M of \"Chest,\" the third chapter will still collect a lot of loot in North America.Just like with \"Spider-Man 3,\" \"At World’s End\" is holding up better in offshore markets. The Captain Jack saga grossed an estimated $105.4M internationally this weekend dropping only 46% from last weekend’s Friday-to-Sunday period. That puts the overseas tally at an amazing $408.8M after less than two weeks and the worldwide cume at a towering $625.3M with 65% coming from abroad. Chest saw 60% of its sales come from international waters. \"At World’s End\" looks to be on course to gross at least $850M globally and could certainly sail past the $900M mark too.Delivering a healthy opening in second place was the new pregnancy comedy \"Knocked Up\" with an estimated $29.3M in its first weekend. Averaging a very fertile $10,200 from 2,871 theaters, the R-rated pic debuted 37% stronger than writer/director Judd Apatow’s last film, \"The 40-Year-Old Virgin,\" which bowed to $21.4M from a similar number of theaters in August 2005. After a month of big-budget sequels, Knocked Up served as a breath of fresh air in the marketplace. Critical praise, a lack of comedies for adults, and a marketing campaign that reminded moviegoers of the director’s last work all helped to bring in ticket sales that led to the best per-theater average of any wide release.Universal’s research showed that 57% of the audience was female and 56% was over the age of 30 for the Seth Rogen–Katherine Heigl comedy. \"Knocked Up\"’s long-term playability looks strong given that 92% of audiences polled rated the film \"excellent\" or \"very good.\" \"Virgin\" went on to gross five times its opening weekend take ending up with $109.3M. Especially impressive was \"Knocked Up\"’s ability to approach the opening weekend numbers of recent comedy hits like \"Blades of Glory\" ($33M debut, $9,791 average) and \"Norbit\" ($34.2M, $10,904) despite its harsher rating and lack of any bankable A-list star. Plus its $30M production budget will make it easy to become a profitable venture for the studio as an invite to the century club seems guaranteed.The ogre sequel \"Shrek the Third\" fell 50% in its third weekend and finished in third place with an estimated $26.7M. It was a steep drop for this kind of picture at this point in time especially since there was little new direct competition. By comparison, weekend declines of other recent animated films from DreamWorks on the weekend after Memorial Day were 24% for last year’s \"Over the Hedge,\" 41% for 2005’s \"Madagascar,\" and 47% for 2004’s \"Shrek 2\" which was greatly affected by the record $93.7M debut of the third \"Harry Potter\" film. Still, \"Shrek the Third\" boosted its total to $254.6M landing it at number 37 on the list of all-time domestic blockbusters, a hair behind rival toon \"Monsters, Inc.\" which took in $255.9M in 2001. At its current pace, a final domestic tally of $320-330M could result for the newest ogre tale.MGM went after older adults with its crime thriller \"Mr. Brooks\" and saw a mediocre fourth place debut. The Kevin Costner–Demi Moore pic bowed to an estimated $10M from 2,453 locations for a mild $4,085 average. Studio research showed that 57% of the audience was female and 67% was over the age of 30.Dropping down to fifth place in its fifth frame was \"Spider-Man 3\" which grossed an estimated $7.5M, off 48%. Sony has boosted its North American haul to $318.3M putting it at number 17 on the list of all-time domestic hits just ahead of the $317.6M of 2001’s \"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone.\" A final gross of $330-340M seems likely. The international total for the third webslinger has climbed to $526M putting the global gross at an amazing $844M making it the biggest \"Spider-Man\" ever worldwide beating out the $822M of the first in the series. The first two installments made roughly 52% of their global box office from overseas markets, but \"Spider-Man 3\" has really exploded abroad with 62% of its current tally coming from outside of North America.Overall, the box office was healthy this weekend. However, by comparing the top ten cume to the weekend after the Memorial Day holiday in recent years, it’s hard to detect that we have three juggernauts in the current marketplace. The $123.6M collected this weekend is slightly behind the same frames in 2006 and 2005. The tally is below those of 2004 and 2003 when big hits like \"Harry Potter\" and \"Finding Nemo,\" respectively, opened in those years. The threequels all opened big, but are falling faster than even normal tentpole films do. And at their current trajectories, \"Spider-Man 3\" looks to remain the top-grossing of the trio domestically.Fox Searchlight’s indie hit \"Waitress\" dropped one spot to sixth with an estimated $2M from 605 theaters for a mild $3,347 average. Despite adding 95 theaters, the film dropped by 34% and was probably affected by \"Knocked Up\" doing so well with young adult women. But the distributor is being patient knowing that good word-of-mouth will allow many more to eventually find it and will add another 100 screens on Friday. Cume stands at $9.5M.Girl power was also behind the number seven film, the soccer drama \"Gracie,\" which opened to a poor estimate of $1.4M. Averaging a weak $1,171 from 1,164 theaters, Picturehouse’s PG-13 pic played mostly to teen girls.Crumbling 63% in its second weekend was the Ashley Judd horror flop \"Bug\" with an estimated $1.2M in eighth place. With a measly $6.1M in ten days, look for the Lionsgate thriller to quickly finish its run with only $8M.Another fright flick collecting an estimated $1.2M over the weekend was \"28 Weeks Later\" which fell 53% and boosted the cume for Fox to $26.6M. Rounding out the top ten was the hit voyeur thriller \"Disturbia\" with an estimated $1.1M in its eighth frame, down 42%, for a $76.7M total for Paramount.Opening in limited release was the Russian fantasy thriller \"Day Watch\" with an estimated $46,000 from only five theaters for a solid $9,265 average. The effects-driven sequel to \"Night Watch\" has grossed over $30M in Russia making it one of the all-time biggest blockbustrs in that market. Fox Searchlight will expand to eight more cities on Friday.Three films were pushed out of the top ten this weekend. Buena Vista’s hit comedy \"Wild Hogs\" grossed an estimated $819,000, down 43%, and boosted its stellar total to $164.4M. A final domestic haul of $167M is likely. Universal’s \"Georgia Rule\" saw its female audience stolen by the studio’s new pregnancy comedy this weekend. The offscreen antics of its younger actress last week didn’t help sales either. \"Rule\" tumbled 69% to an estimated $581,000 raising the disappointing cume to only $18.1M. A $19M final seems set. New Line’s Anthony Hopkins–Ryan Gosling thriller \"Fracture\" grossed an estimated $500,000, off 60%, for a $38.1M total. Look for a decent $39M final.The top ten films grossed an estimated $123.6M which was down 4% from last year when \"The Break-Up\" opened at number one with $39.2M; and off 2% from 2005 when \"Madagascar\" climbed into the top spot with $28.1M in its second weekend.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"cancelled, Witch, cooking, drama, kong, Trivia, CNN, political, Marvel, Hallmark, E!, directors, PaleyFest","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Wrapup-Pirates-1-Knocked-Up-Strong-2"},{"id":"47509158698087","title":"Box Office Guru Preview: Mel, Cameron, &amp; Leo Battle For #1 Spot","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Guru Preview: Mel, Cameron, &amp; Leo Battle For #1 Spotby Gitesh Pandya | December 7, 2006 |  CommentsA wave of new releases hits the multilplexes on Friday as the North American box office looks to bounce back after a slugglish weekend and get the final month of the year started with a bang.Mel Gibson‘s ultraviolent historical epic \"Apocalypto\" hits theaters nationwide while his \"What Women Want\" director Nancy Meyers counters with the feel-good romantic comedy \"The Holiday\" starring Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet. The latter’s iceberg lover Leonardo DiCaprio stars in the new political thriller \"Blood Diamond\" and kids too young for all those flicks will be offered the family comedy \"Unaccompanied Minors.\"Mel Gibson once again plays tricks on the box office bringing forth one of the most unpredictable grossers of the year in \"Apocalypto.\" The R-rated film examines the end of the once-great Mayan civilization from five centuries ago with the story of one brave man, captured by warriors and set to be sacrificed, who must break free and rescue his pregnant wife and young son. As one of the bloodiest and most violent films of 2006, the Buena Vista release is also one of the most challenging to market. Like the director’s last effort, 2004’s smash hit \"The Passion of the Christ,\" \"Apocalypto\" is made in a language now dead and is subtitled all the way through. But whereas \"Passion\" had some small level of starpower, Gibson’s new offering boasts a cast of unknowns including many non-actors.Selling a subtitled film with no stars about a part of history that few today are talking about is risky enough. But Gibson’s arrest over the summer for drunk driving and his anti-Jewish remarks led to horrible PR for \"Apocalypto’s\" only marketable asset. A few weeks ago, this film looked like it would have a tough road to travel in order to succeed. But like with \"Passion,\" targeted marketing at those audience segments most likely to embrace the pic has helped fuel positive buzz and even good reviews have sparked more interest, not only with moviegoers, but also with exhibitors. Disney upped its opening weekend run from 2,000 to 2,500 theaters as the exhibition community is showing more confidence in the box office potential of the film. \"Passion\" also saw its theater bookings jump in the final weeks before launching.Because of Gibson’s summer escapade, there are some who cannot be convinced to spend money and time on a Mel movie. However, the controversy has given \"Apocalypto\" a ton of free media exposure over the last couple of months and curiosity has grown. Plus the studio has wisely targeted the large Latino audience which never gets to see a big Hollywood epic made about its ancient history. They came out in big numbers for \"Passion\" and are expected to show up again this weekend. Also there are moviegoers sick of wasting time and money on sequels and remakes who want something fresh and unique that are looking at the Mayan adventure as an experience they can’t get anywhere else. It will be a closely-watched opening for \"Apocalypto,\" but a weekend tally of about $15M could result giving Gibson a reasonable shot at scoring back-to-back number one hits with foreign language movies.Mel Gibson’s \"Apocalypto.\"Moviegoers in search of less bloodshed and a lower body count this weekend will be checking out the new romantic comedy \"The Holiday\" which stars Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet as two frustrated professionals who decide to swap homes in order to get away from their woes. The PG-13 film finds Diaz going to snowy England while Winslet’s character heads to sunny Los Angeles. Jude Law and Jack Black play the love interests in the Nancy Meyers film. \"Holiday\" boasts plenty of starpower even though the casting of Nacho Libre in a date movie will have many scratching their heads. Teenage girls and adult women will make up the primary audience, but male interest will be there too thanks to the sassy Diaz who remains a big box office pull with both genders.Female audiences have been neglected in recent weeks with most major grossers tapping into male or family audiences. The December marketplace will welcome a multi-star romantic comedy set during the Christmas season, however the whites-only casting policy may prevent a more diverse turnout. Sony offered sneak previews last Saturday to boost awareness and word-of-mouth. \"Holiday\" looks to reach the same crowds that came out for previous mid-December romantic comedies like last year’s \"The Family Stone\" ($12.5M opening), Meyers’ 2003 hit \"Something’s Gotta Give\" ($16.1M), and 2002’s Yankee-Brit combo \"Two Weeks Notice\" ($14.3M). \"The Holiday\" should receive good cheer from ticket buyers and take in roughly $15M this weekend.Kate Winslet and Jack Black in \"The Holiday.\"Like this weekend’s Mel Gibson epic, Leonardo DiCaprio’s new film \"Blood Diamond\" is also a violent tale of a man whose village is ransacked by warlords and who must fight to retrieve his wife and family. This time, the action takes place only seven years ago in the African nation of Sierra Leone where rebels fight to protect their illegal diamond trade. Djimon Hounsou and Jennifer Connelly co-star in the R-rated film directed by Ed Zwick (\"The Last Samurai,\" \"Glory\"). Warner Bros. has poured some major marketing dollars into hyping up its new political thriller and like most major releases these days, \"Blood Diamond\" has some controversy of its own which the studio hopes will help generate more interest. Many stories have been written about how the film might impact the global diamond industry as more Americans (by far the world’s largest consumers of the gem) learn about how conflict diamonds make their way into the market.Story and starpower should be the main factors at the box office, however. DiCaprio has pull and Hounsou has been getting lots of notice for this role including winning the Best Supporting Actor award from the National Board of Review this week. A year ago this weekend, DiCaprio’s \"Departed\" foe Matt Damon teamed up with George Clooney for the international political saga \"Syriana\" which went nationwide with a $11.7M opening from 1,752 theaters for a $6,699 average. With mixed reviews and only 158 more theaters, \"Blood Diamond\" could find itself in the same neighborhood as it will appeal to much the same audience. Young women who dig the \"Titanic\" boy and want more upbeat entertainment may get steered over to \"The Holiday\" and young men who seek screen violence will find much more of it in \"Apocalypto\" so competition will be fierce this weekend. Opening in 1,910 theaters, \"Blood Diamond\" might shine with around $12M this weekend.Leo and Djimon in \"Blood Diamond.\"Kids have just one new movie aimed at them this weekend. Warner Bros. offers up its second wide release of the frame with \"Unaccompanied Minors,\" a story about a group of children causing chaos when left behind at an airport. The PG-rated film will play exclusively to the family crowd and with \"Happy Feet,\" \"Deck the Halls,\" and even \"The Santa Clause 3\" still lingering in the marketplace, competition will be tight. Lewis Black and Wilmer Valderrama are the only major names here so starpower will not be much of a factor in drawing in paying customers. \"Minors\" just does not have enough bells and whistles to rise above the crowded arena. Although the film opens with the most number of theaters, it may end up with the worst gross among the newbies. \"Unaccompanied Minors\" sneaks into 2,775 sites and could take in about $9M.A group of kids up to airport hijinks in \"Unaccompanied Minors.\"After a three-week party atop the box office charts, \"Happy Feet\" will dance its way down a couple of notches thanks to the wave of new product. \"Unaccompanied Minors\" will be the only true competitor so the drop should not be too hard. A 35% fall to about $11M could result giving Warner Bros. $136M overall.James Bond has also been celebrating a solid box office run with its three straight silver medals and is hoping to surpass \"The Devil Wears Prada\" ($124.7M) and \"Over the Hedge\" ($155M) to eventually become the top-grossing film of 2006 to not reach the number one spot. This weekend, a 40% decline could be in order giving Agent 007 around $9M for the session pushing the cume for Sony to $129M.LAST YEAR: Making a big splash at the box office was \"The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe\" which bowed to a ferocious $65.6M for the second largest December opening in history. Disney’s effects-filled adventure went on to capture $291.7M domestically and a stunning $750M worldwide. Opening far back in the runnerup spot, but still posting solid numbers, was the oil industry drama \"Syriana\" with $11.7M and a $6,699 average. The Warner Bros. release went on to gross $50.8M domestically and $93M globally. \"Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire\" dropped to third after three weeks at number one and grossed $10.3M. The Johnny Cash flick \"Walk the Line\" followed with $5.7M and the family comedy \"Yours, Mine &amp; Ours\" rounded out the top five with $5.1M. Debuting in limited release with explosive averages were \"Memoirs of a Geisha\" with a $85,313 average from eight locations and \"Brokeback Mountain\" with a $109,485 average from only five theaters. Final domestic grosses reached $57M and $83M and each won three Oscars.Author: Gitesh Pandya, www.BoxOfficeGuru.com","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Awards, IFC, stoner, worst","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Box-Office-Guru-Preview-Mel-Cameron-Leo-Battle-For-1-Spot"},{"id":"47509175053552","title":"Yearly Ketchup: The Most Rotten Movie Development News of 2019","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Yearly Ketchup: The Most Rotten Movie Development News of 2019A month-by-month round-up of the worst news to come out of Hollywood this year.by Greg Dean Schmitz | January 3, 2020 |  CommentsFew industries enjoy taking really, really long extended holiday vacations quite like Hollywood, and when we get to this time of the year, there’s rarely much in the realm of “movie development news” to discuss. Last week, we covered the year’s biggest Fresh news stories, and this week, we’re looking at the ones we deemed most Rotten instead.JANUARY:&nbsp;KEVIN HART PASSES GO, WILL COLLECT (AT LEAST) $200, IN MONOPOLY(Photo by Warner Bros.)Kevin Hart’s Tomatometer&nbsp;has been getting better in the last few years, starting with his partnership with Dwayne Johnson in Central Intelligence (which carried into their Jumanji movies), and including his voice role in Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie (Certified Fresh at 88%). Before 2016, however, his&nbsp;track record mostly carried a broad series of Rotten splotches, with only a few Fresh tomatoes, and most of those&nbsp;were for his comedy concert films. Hart had several new movies announced in 2019 (including Black Friday, Extreme Job, and remakes of Scrooged and Uptown Saturday Night), but it all started in January with the long-in-development board game adaptation of Monopoly. The idea of a movie based on the classic Monopoly board game has been kicking around for over a decade, including a time when Ridley Scott was attached, but the Monopoly movie we’ll actually get sounds a drastic switch. Kevin Hart will star in Monopoly for Lionsgate and Hasbro, with his Ride Along director Tim Story&nbsp;also on board.FEBRUARY: BRAD PITT’S ZOMBIE FIGHT ENDS WITH SCRAPPING OF WORLD WAR Z SEQUEL&nbsp;&nbsp;(Photo by Jaap Buitendijk/Paramount Pictures)If you were a big fan of Brad Pitt and director Marc Foster’s zombie movie World War Z, February brought some bad news. After years of near-starts and delays, Paramount Pictures finally, apparently definitively, pulled the plug&nbsp;on a World War Z sequel. Pre-production was reportedly already well underway for a six month shoot in Atlanta and other nations around the world, but that also meant the budget exploded to over $190 million, and that was the breaking point for Paramount. Technically, it sounds like World War Z might come back, even with a sequel, in the future, but if it does, it would be with a much lower budget, without&nbsp;Foster directing, and possibly without Brad Pitt as well. [Editor’s note: an earlier version listed David Fincher as editor of&nbsp;World War Z.&nbsp;This has been corrected and we regret the error.]MARCH: DISNEY/FOX MERGER LEADS TO SHELVING OF PROMISING X-MEN PROJECTS(Photo by 20th Century Fox Film Corp.)In March, Disney finalized its $71.3 billion deal to acquire the entertainment assets of the Fox film and TV studios. The deal was widely applauded by Marvel Comics fans who are eager to see the X-Men and Fantastic Four characters and properties now available for Marvel Studios in their future movies (though probably not until after 2022). However, that also meant that&nbsp;some/many of the projects that Fox had been developing would be shelved, including X-Force, X-23, Kitty Pryde, and Madrox the Multiple Man. We’ll never know what those movies might have been like, and it’s definitely possible some would have been Rotten (given Fox’s record on recent X-Men movies). They’re good examples, however, of the wide scope of Marvel movies we would have gotten if Marvel and Sony also had Fox developing movies every year. How long will it take now for Marvel Studios to go deep enough into their catalog to greenlight movies like Kitty Pryde and Madrox the Multiple Man?APRIL: THE BAD MOMS’ MOMS TO GET THEIR OWN MOVIE(Photo by STX Entertainment)After Bad Moms earned $183 million globally in the summer of 2016,&nbsp;it was followed by the sequel A Bad Moms Christmas in 2017. That second film introduced grandmother characters played by Christine Baranski, Cheryl Hines, and Susan Sarandon, and in April, we learned&nbsp;that&nbsp;they’re going to get their own movie&nbsp;called Bad Moms’ Moms. It’s not yet known if Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, and Mila Kunis will reprise their roles as well, or if the third movie might introduce the next set of older great-grandmas (who could then get their own movie called Bad Moms’ Moms’ Moms). Both Bad Moms&nbsp;and A Bad Moms Christmas&nbsp;earned Rotten Tomatometer scores at 58% and 30%, respectively.MAY: SONIC THE HEDGEHOG TRAILER BACKLASH SPARKS REDESIGN(Photo by @ Paramount Pictures)Some of the year’s most Rotten stories represent missteps that were eventually corrected, but we are looking at these stories as they were at the time. In this case, Paramount appeared to get the message within the same week, but still, at the time, the reaction was very negative. After all, Paramount Pictures should’ve seen this one coming. In April, the first Sonic the Hedgehog trailer debuted, and the collective fan backlash against Sonic’s design was even louder this time. (The eyes are too small, the nose is at the wrong angle, and the teeth. Where to even begin on the teeth?) The Sonic the Hedgehog missteps were only accentuated by the timing of the trailer in the same week as the first Pokemon Detective Pikachu reviews, as that film has not one but&nbsp;dozens of video game characters that look pretty much exactly like they do in the games. The good news, however, is that Sonic the Hedgehog director Jeff Fowler quickly responded on Twitter, “The message is loud and clear… you aren’t happy with the design &amp; you want changes.” Those changes came later in the year as we got a new Sonic the Hedgehog trailer&nbsp;in which he did indeed look a lot more like he does in the games. Sonic the Hedgehog is now scheduled as a Valentine’s release on 2/14/2020.JUNE:&nbsp;SECURITY CAMERAS TO BE HAUNTED AGAIN IN PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 7(Photo by Paramount Pictures)It’s now been over four years since 2015’s Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension earned the franchise’s lowest box office to date, domestically earning one fifth less than the first film. The Paranormal Activity movies were also relatively affordable to produce, so it was probably inevitable that Paramount Pictures would want to start making them again. Producer Jason Blum (of Blumhouse Productions) is now developing Paranormal Activity 7 for Paramount, although the premise isn’t yet known (though it seems obvious that it will probably be another “found footage” horror film). The Tomatometer scores&nbsp;for the last three films (24%, 39%, and 15%, respectively) don’t offer much hope for the next installment, unfortunately. Since this news broke in June, Paramount has scheduled Paranormal Activity 7&nbsp;for release on March 19, 2021, up against the second Tomb Raider movie starring Alicia Vikander, and the week before The Boss Baby 2.JULY: LOOK WHO’S REMAKING LOOK WHO’S TALKING(Photo by TriStar Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)One of the oddest examples of movies that ended up getting two sequels to justify it becoming a “trilogy” might arguably be 1989’s Look Who’s Talking (Rotten at 59%), which was followed in 1990 by Look Who’s Talking Too (Rotten at 14%), and in 1993 by Look Who’s Talking Now (Rotten at 0%). John Travolta and Kirstie Alley starred in those movies about talking babies, and in the third movie, talking dogs. Despite those critical drubbings, Sony Pictures is now developing&nbsp;a Look Who’s Talking reboot to be written and directed by Jeremy Garelick, whose 2015 comedy The Wedding Ringer&nbsp;earned a Rotten score at 27%. It’s not yet known if Bruce Willis or any of the other voice actors might return for the reboot (but they probably won’t).AUGUST:&nbsp;THAT TIME MARVEL AND SONY (ALMOST) STOPPED MAKING SPIDER-MAN MOVIES(Photo by Sony Pictures)As with&nbsp;the Sonic the Hedgehog hullabaloo, this is another example of something that was horrible news at the time but has since been course-corrected. We&nbsp;are referring to that period in late summer when Sony and Marvel almost parted ways over future Spider-Man movies starring Tom Holland. Just over a month later, the two studios “made nice” and were able to announce a third Spider-Man movie set in the MCU for release on July 16, 2021. As for what their initial boondoggle was about, Disney and Marvel reportedly wanted 50% of “the cut” of Sony’s Spider-Man movies in return for Kevin Feige’s participation and all of the cross-promotion that a Sony/Disney/Marvel partnership brings with it. Sony then responded with a series of Tweets&nbsp;that used words like “mischaracterized” and “disappointed,” which may have been a response to criticism from some fans who were quick to side with Disney, Kevin Feige, and Marvel Studios.SEPTEMBER: FACE/OFF, HOUSE PARTY, AND NEW JACK CITY AMONG SLEW OF REMAKES ANNOUNCED(Photo by Paramount Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)Superhero movies are what people seem to talk about the most, but movie-for-movie, they are easily outnumbered by the real trend in studio releases, which is the continuing stream of remakes, reboots, and reimaginings. We hear about remakes all year round, but September of 2019 featured an especially high number of such stories, all within three weeks. It started with the news that a remake of the 1997 action thriller Face/Off is now in development. Although it feels like the 1997 action thriller&nbsp;only gets mentioned now when someone wants to make a joke, the film starring Nicolas Cage and John Travolta actually maintains an impressive Certified Fresh Tomatometer score of 92%. The following week brought news about remakes&nbsp;of The Craft, House Party, and Set It Off, as well as out-of-context stories about a remake&nbsp;of The Princess Bride. The month ended with another remake announcement, this time concerning 1991’s New Jack City.OCTOBER:&nbsp;DISNEY MAY REBOOT LIVE-ACTION INSPECTOR GADGET MOVIESIn the 1980s, former Get Smart star Don Adams had something of a late career resurgence as the voice of the animated super detective Inspector Gadget. Although that show only ran for two seasons and 86 episodes, its cultural imprint was strong enough that Walt Disney Pictures produced a live-action movie in 1999 (Rotten at 21%), which was followed in 2003 by a direct-to-video sequel (Rotten at 40%). Despite the critical drubbings of those two previous live-action movies, Walt Disney Pictures appears ready to reboot Inspector Gadget, as the studio is now working with the producers&nbsp;of this year’s Aladdin remake and current Saturday Night Live writers Mikey Day and Streeter Seidell to do exactly that.NOVEMBER:&nbsp;JAMES DEAN TO RETURN FOR HIS FOURTH FILM 60+ YEARS AFTER HIS DEATHMost stories we might consider Rotten are based on Tomatometer scores and such, but few of them inspire the sort of reaction that erupted when it was revealed in November that one of Hollywood’s most beloved prematurely departed movie stars will be “revived” using CGI. James Dean died with just a few films to his credit (three in lead roles, not counting earlier uncredited roles) as the star of East of Eden, Rebel Without a Cause, and Giant, all three of which came out in 1955 or 1956&nbsp;(he died on September 30, 1955). That said, James Dean will “star” in his fourth movie in an independent Vietnam War-era drama called Finding Jack, about the plight of military dogs following the end of the war. The filmmakers plan on using old film footage and photographs of Dean to create a photorealistic depiction of the actor following the acquisition of the rights to his name and likeness from his surviving family members. The news attracted immediate reactions from stars like Chris Evans (who probably doesn’t want someone casting him in a movie 100 years from now), but the film’s director said the backlash came as a surprise to him.DECEMBER: ALADDIN STAR CAN’T GET WORK, BUT PRINCE ANDERS GETS A SPINOFFIn December, many movie fans were probably surprised when&nbsp;Aladdin star Mena Massoud&nbsp;stated that he hadn’t yet had a single audition&nbsp;following the film’s box office success of over a billion dollars worldwide. Nearly an “unknown” before Aladdin, Massoud had won that role as part of a massive casting call that Disney staged for both Aladdin and Jasmine in 2017. Considering how much attention Mena Massoud’s revelation made&nbsp;at the time, you might think Disney would’ve held back on a subsequent announcement, because the two stories together paint a particularly pretty. Nevertheless, Disney+ has announced plans for an Aladdin spinoff movie&nbsp;starring Billy Magnussen as his minor character of Prince Anders,&nbsp;a minor character who didn’t exist in the original animated film and was newly created for the live-action adaptation. It’s not yet known if any other&nbsp;Aladdin&nbsp;co-stars will also be cast.Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"comiccon, criterion, name","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/03181539/Yearly_Ketchup_Most_Rotten_2019.jpg","slug":"yearly-ketchup-the-most-rotten-movie-development-news-of-2019"},{"id":"47509106440842","title":"Box Office: Maze Runner Scorches Competition","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office: Maze Runner Scorches Competitionby Gitesh Pandya | September 20, 2015 |  CommentsThe adventure sequel Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials led the box office in North America just like its predecessor did exactly a year ago. Opening to an estimated $30.3M, the PG-13 film reached the same range as last year’s The Maze Runner which bowed to $32.5M. Scorch (which averaged $7,993 from 3,791 locations) came in 7% below the first film which is not bad these days for a sequel opening at the same time of year. Earlier this summer, Avengers: Age of Ultron opened 10% below The Avengers launching on the very same weekend.The audience was relatively the same. Fox data showed that Scorch Trials attracted a crowd that was 53% female and 63% under 25. Reviews were not as good as those for the first movie, and the CinemaScore grade dipped to a B+ this time compared to an A- for the previous pic. Overseas markets collected $43.3M this weekend boosting that cume to $78M including last week’s debuts for a global gross now of $108.3M. Last year’s Maze rocketed to $347M worldwide so another solid performance is likely here. The third installment in the series is already on the calendar for Presidents Day weekend of 2017 and that one could turn this into a billion dollar franchise.Following many disappoints in recent years (some with sky-high budgets), Johnny Depp scored a creative and commercial victory with the crime drama Black Mass which opened to an estimated $23.4M from 3,188 locations for a solid $7,327 average. Earning good reviews and some Oscar buzz, the violent R-rated film played to an older male audience as expected. Studio researched showed that the crowd was 56% male and 89% over 25.The opening was almost identical to the $23.7M debut last fall of Fury – another historical R-rated drama with intense violence anchored by a Hollywood hunk (Brad Pitt). That war film finished up with $85.8M, or 3.6 times the opening weekend. Mass saw no increase on Saturday from Friday sales which was troubling since it plays to an older crowd and that Friday includes Thursday night pre-sales. The CinemaScore grade was a mediocre B which may indicate mixed buzz from paying audiences going forward. Mass features some of the most violence against women seen by any of Depp’s many characters which could be off-putting to some.The M. Night Shyamalan chiller The Visit dropped a spot to third place grossing an estimated $11.4M for a 55% fall which was reasonable for the genre. Universal has banked $42.4M for the low-budget thriller. Tumbling from first to fourth place was the romantic thriller The Perfect Guy which suffered a steep 63% fall to an estimated $9.7M. Cume is $41.4M for Sony. Each may end up in the $55-60M range.Not needing any more hits, Universal ended up with more good news this weekend with the strong opening for its mountain climbing drama Everest which grossed an estimated $7.6M from an exclusive run in 545 3D locations (366 IMAX and the rest other premium large format screens). Averaging a sensational $13,867 per site, the PG-13 film starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Josh Brolin launched exclusively in higher-priced premium engagements and will open next weekend in standard formats. Reviews were positive and the audience skewed older (55% were 35 or above) and more male (54%). 36 international debuts added $28.2M for a global opening of $35.8M.The leggy faith-based hit War Room enjoyed another great hold dipping only 19% in its fourth weekend (thanks in part to 300 more screens) to an estimated $6.3M pushing Sony’s cume up to $49.2M. Robert Redford’s A Walk in the Woods was off 42% to an estimated $2.7M putting Broad Green at a solid $24.8M.A pair of late summer blockbusters followed. Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation dropped 45% to an estimated $2.3M giving Paramount $191.7M to date. Overseas, China has soared to $120M putting the worldwide haul at $656.4M. Straight Outta Compton fell 50% to an estimated $2M for $158.9M so far for Universal. The critically acclaimed indie comedy Grandma expanded nationwide in its fifth weekend and jumped into the top ten with an estimated $1.6M. Lily Tomlin’s well-received hit has collected $3.8M to date.Lionsgate enjoyed a spectacular platform debut for its Oscar contender, the drug cartel thriller Sicario, which bowed to an estimated $390,000 from only six sites for a sizzling $65,000 average. The well-reviewed R-rated film starring Emily Blunt, Josh Brolin, and Benicio del Toro goes nationwide on October 2.Debuting poorly outside of the top ten was the critically panned hostage thriller Captive with an estimated $1.4M from 806 locations for a terrible $1,737 average. The R-rated pic starring Kate Mara and David Oyelowo never generated any audience excitement and found no room in the marketplace for itself.The top ten films grossed an estimated $97.1M which was up 8% from last year when The Maze Runner opened at number one with $32.5M; and up a healthy 39% from 2013 when Prisoners debuted in the top spot with $20.8M.Get earlier box office updates and analysis by following BoxOfficeGuru.com on Twitter.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Plus, Mindy, unscripted, monster","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/700MazeRunner-e1443036166285.jpg","slug":"box-office-maze-runner-scorches-competition"},{"id":"47509184513362","title":"Mysterious X-Men Spinoff May Be a Classic Christmas Story, and More News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Mysterious X-Men Spinoff May Be a Classic Christmas Story, and More NewsWilly Wonka to be remade again, Den of Thieves gets a sequel, and new roles for Michael Fassbender, Robert Pattinson, Willem Dafoe, Melissa McCarthy, and Jake Gyllenhaal, among others.by Greg Dean Schmitz | February 16, 2018 |  CommentsToday’s Ketchup brings you ten headlines from the world of film development news, covering&nbsp;titles such as Five Nights at Freddy’s, Kung Fury, and reboots of House Party, Transformers, and&nbsp;Willy Wonka.This WEEK’S TOP STORYMYSTERIOUS X-MEN SPINOFF MOVIE MIGHT BE CLASSIC CHRISTMAS STORY(Photo by 20th Century Fox Film Corp.)About a month ago, the news broke that Deadpool director Tim Miller is now developing an X-Men spinoff focusing on Kitty Pryde, also known as Shadowcat, who can “phase” through solid objects and who has most frequently been played in the movies by Ellen Page. This week, it was revealed that the untitled project has the code name 143,&nbsp;which may be a big hint as to what the&nbsp;film might actually be. Uncanny X-Men #143 was published in March, 1981 (but really on stands around Christmas) and focused on then-new X-Men member Kitty Pryde,&nbsp;who was alone in the Xavier mansion during Christmas when it was invaded by an N’Garai demon. In the decades since, the story has become a fan favorite, and longtime writer Brian Michael Bendis is now reportedly developing the 143 project. It also sounds like 143 would recast Kitty Pryde with a younger actress, given the nature of the story. In other related news, Marvel Comics is planning a big event this May around the (fictional, obviously) wedding between Kitty Pryde and (Deadpool costar) Colossus (who have been in an on-again-off-again relationship since the early 1980s).Fresh Developments1. WILLY WONKA TO TAKE A THIRD&nbsp;TRIP TO THE CHOCOLATE FACTORYTim Burton’s Charlie and the Chocolate Factory reboot is now 13 years old, and it came 34 years after 1971’s Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (starring Gene Wilder and his many future memes). Warner Bros is now preparing to revive Willy Wonka once again, recruiting director Paul King after his critical 100% super-success with Paddington 2. There is speculation that this third Willy Wonka movie will adapt Roald Dahl’s books besides just Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.2.&nbsp;MICHAEL FASSBENDER AND ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER JOIN BONKERS 1980S ACTION COMEDY KUNG FURY(Photo by Abbot Genser/Fox Searchlight Pictures, Saban Films)In 2015, Swedish director David Sandberg (not to be confused with&nbsp;David F. Sandberg, director of&nbsp;Lights Out) delivered a 30 minute action comedy short called Kung Fury (which you can watch right here). The original short, which was the result of a successful Kickstarter campaign, delivered a gonzo, runaway flurry of 1980s genre references and homages (sort of like Ready Player One with more of a sense of humor). Sandberg is now preparing a feature length version of Kung Fury, and this week, the project attracted two major talents. First, Michael Fassbender signed on to star in the lead role in the sequel about “Kung Fury, the greatest damn cop of all time [whose] Thundercops are the ultimate police force assembled from across history to defeat the villainous Kung Fuhrer, Adolf Hitler.” Soon after, Arnold Schwarzenegger also signed on, and David Hasselhoff is attached as well.3. ROBERT PATTINSON AND WILLEM DAFOE JOIN HORROR FILM THE LIGHTHOUSE(Photo by Dan McFadden/Focus World, A24)Ever since director Robert Eggers had a surprise hit with his indie horror film The Witch (Certified Fresh at 91%) in 2016, there has been speculation about what his next film might be (including a possible remake of Nosferatu). We now know that Eggers’ next film will be another period horror film, this time set in the early 20th century and involving seafaring mythology. Robert Pattinson and Willem Dafoe will be the film’s stars, coming off critical success for their roles in Good Time and The Florida Project, respectively.4. LEBRON JAMES PRODUCING REMAKE OF 1990 COMEDY HIT HOUSE PARTY(Photo by New Line Cinema)If you’re a fan of basketball star LeBron James, you may recall that he has long been attached to star in the sequel Space Jam 2 (if it ever actually gets made). In the meantime while the world waits for that film to happen (or not), James has moved on to being involved with another revisit to a 1990s favorite. This time, it’s the 1990 Kid ‘N Play comedy House Party (96% on the Tomatometer), which also received two sequels in 1991 and 1994. The new film will be&nbsp;written by Stephen Glover and Jamal Olori, writers of the hit series Atlanta (starring Glover’s brother, Donald). LeBron James is also producing a basketball comedy called Hustle about a basketball scout who attaches himself to a Chinese “streetball” phenomenon.5. MELISSA MCCARTHY AND TIFFANY HADDISH COOKING UP THE KITCHEN(Photo by Michael Tackett/Warner Bros.)In November, we learned that one of the first projects that Tiffany Haddish is attached to following her success in Girls Trip is an adaptation of a Vertigo Comics series called The Kitchen. As is common with Vertigo titles (like Sandman, Hellblazer, and Preacher), The Kitchen is not a superhero story, but is instead a gritty mafia tale set in Hell’s Kitchen in the 1970s as three mob wives take over their husband’s businesses after their arrests by the FBI. We can now report that the second of these wives will be played by Melissa McCarthy, continuing the theme of popular comedy actresses signing on for this violent crime drama. Who will be the third? Amy Schumer, maybe?6. JAKE GYLLENHAAL, ANSEL ELGORT, AND ZENDAYA ARE THE FINEST KIND OF MOVIE STARS(Photo by Lev Radin, Steven Ferdman, Dee Cercone/Everett Collection)2017 was a big year for Ansel Elgort (who starred in Baby&nbsp;Driver) and Zendaya (who costarred in Spider-Man: Homecoming and The Greatest Showman), and of course, Jake Gyllenhaal is a star in his own right. The reason we mention these three stars is that&nbsp;they&nbsp;have now been cast in the same movie together, a Boston crime thriller called Finest Kind. Jake Gyllenhaal and Ansel Elgort will play brothers in Boston who “strike a dangerous deal with a crime syndidate.” Finest Kind&nbsp;will be written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who famously wrote L.A. Confidential). Until recently, Helgeland had a streak of Rotten scores, but recently Helgeland had three Fresh films in a row (Salt, 42, and Legend), so we’re hoping this new streak will continue with Finest Kind.ROTTEN IDEAS OF THE WEEK3. HARRY POTTER AND HOME ALONE DIRECTOR TO SPEND FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY’S(Photo by Joseph Lederer/Fox Atomic)In 2015, director Chris Columbus (Home Alone, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone) attempted to start a new franchise in the form of Pixels (Rotten at 17%), using classic video game characters like Pac-Man and Space Invaders. The result was a critical and box office flop, and three years later, there are zero plans for a Pixels 2. That does not mean, however, that Chris Columbus has given up on video game adaptations quite yet, as he has signed with horror production company Blumhouse to write, direct, and produce an adaptation of the popular video game franchise Five Nights at Freddy’s. In that game (and its many sequels), the player takes on the role of “a security guard battling animatronic robots that come to life in a Chuck E. Cheese-like venue.” We may someday live in a world where video game adaptations regularly receive good reviews, but unfortunately, we’re not quite there yet.2.&nbsp;DEN OF THIEVES DID JUST WELL ENOUGH TO WARRANT A SEQUEL(Photo by STX Entertainment)The plus side for action movies like Den of Thieves that can be made on a relatively&nbsp;small budget of $30 million is that the bar for “success” is&nbsp;far lower than for, say, big superhero tentpoles. So, the fact that Den of Thieves has made $42 million since its release last month (1/19/18) means that its distributor STX Entertainment sees potential&nbsp;in starting a franchise, despite its 39% Tomatometer score. With that in mind, we can report that STX is indeed developing a&nbsp;sequel to the action drama, with three of its stars either attached (including as producers) or in talks to return. Curtis “50 Cent” Jackson will produce and star, Gerard Butler is attached to return, and O’Shea Jackson Jr. (Straight Outta Compton) is also in talks to return.1. THE TRANSFORMERS FRANCHISE MAY&nbsp;GET A COMPLETE REBOOT IN A FEW YEARS(Photo by Paramount Pictures)A few years ago, there was a lot of press about Paramount’s “writers room” for the&nbsp;Transformers film franchise, but last summer, we learned that it had been been disbanded. This came a few months after Michael Bay revealed that there were FOURTEEN&nbsp;movies in development. As of this writing, we have the 1980s-set Bumblebee spinoff prequel coming late this year (12/21/18), and&nbsp;Transformers 6&nbsp;was&nbsp;scheduled for the summer of 2019. Well, this week there was reportedly a Hasbro investor preview leading up to the 2018 New York Toy Fair, and the big reveal from this call directly involves the future of the Transformers movies. We’re still waiting on mainstream confirmation of this story, but it appears that Paramount has yanked Transformers 6 from their release schedule. Instead, the plan after Bumblebee may be for the franchise to be completely “reset,” possibly starting with a big “Paramount/Hasbro Event Film” scheduled for the summer of 2021. The Transformers franchise has one of the most Rotten Tomatometer records. Can a reboot really fix it?","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"TCA, anthology, WGN, Television, children's, Spectrum, Reviews, Funimation, slashers, e., Logo, revenge, Stephen, Reality","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/16204813/Kitty-Pryde-Christmas-Ketchup.jpg","slug":"mysterious-x-men-spinoff-may-be-a-classic-christmas-story-and-more-news"},{"id":"47509193460141","title":"Brie Larson May Be Marvel’s Captain Marvel, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Brie Larson May Be Marvel's Captain Marvel, and More Movie NewsNew roles for Daniel Day-Lewis, Cate Blanchett, Amy Schumer, and Melissa McCarthy, plus The Flash gets a director.by Greg Dean Schmitz | June 3, 2016 |  CommentsThis week’s Ketchup brings you another ten headlines from the world of film development news (those stories about what movies Hollywood is working on for you next). Included in the mix this time around are stories about such titles as Captain Marvel, The Flash, Ocean’s Ocho, and new roles for Cate Blanchett, Queen Latifah, Melissa McCarthy, and Amy Schumer.This Week’s Top StoryBRIE LARSON PROMOTED BY MARVEL TO BECOME CAPTAIN MARVELOf the Phase 3 films that Marvel unveiled back in October of 2014 , the solo movie that, until this week, we still had the biggest questions about was Captain Marvel (3/8/19). The film’s release is still nearly three years away, but Captain Marvel (aka Air Force pilot Carol Danvers) is also expected to debut in a movie before that (probably Avengers: Infinity War Part 1, scheduled for 5/4/18). The rumor mill has floated plenty of names for the role in recent months, including Emily Blunt (Sicario), Rebecca Ferguson (Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation), Rosamund Pike (Gone Girl), and Katee Sackoff (Battlestar Galactica), but the eventual answer turned out to be “none of the above.” Marvel has settled upon Room star Brie Larson, who is reportedly now in some form of negotations to star in Captain Marvel. Marvel reportedly wants to also hire a female filmmaker for Captain Marvel, and various movie sites have assembled lists of potential directors. The&nbsp;two directors who are currently near the top of Marvel’s “wish list” are Niki Caro (Whale Rider, McFarland USA), and Jennifer Kent, who surprised moviegoers in late 2014 with her innovative horror film, The Babadook. Of course, the questions of who will star in and direct Captain Marvel might just be the first of many, as we still don’t know who the villains of the film will be (probably Kree, but who?), and what other new Marvel heroes might be introduced in Captain Marvel. As noted above, Disney and Marvel Studios have scheduled Captain Marvel for release on March 18, 2019.Fresh Developments This Week1. THERE WILL BE [A] BLOOD… REUNION? DANIEL DAY-LEWIS MIGHT STAR IN 1950S FASHION MOVIEThe seven narrative feature films directed by Paul Thomas Anderson have given us several memorable scenes (including monologues from Boogie Nights and Magnolia), but the most iconic might be from his 2007 oil prospecting drama There Will Be Blood. Even people who never saw that movie might know “I drink your milkshake!,” or remember this Saturday Night Live sketch. There Will Be Blood was also noteworthy because it was one of only three movies Daniel Day-Lewis has starred in over the last ten years (with Nine and Lincoln); Lewis is definitely not prolific. For his first film since Lincoln in 2012, it looks like Daniel Day-Lewis might indeed reunite with&nbsp;director Paul Thomas Anderson&nbsp;to&nbsp;star in a drama set in the fashion industry of New York City in the 1950s. There were a lot of changes in fashion in the 1950s, but other than than the setting of New York City, no mention has been made about the specifics of the film’s plot.2. DOPE/BROWN SUGAR DIRECTOR TO DELIVER THE FLASH IN TIME FOR 2018Here’s an update on what Warner Bros and DC Entertainment have in the works for the next two years: Suicide Squad this year (8/5/16), and then Wonder Woman (6/2/17) and Justice League Part One (11/17/17) next year. The fourth movie in the DC pipeline is The Flash (3/16/18), which means the studio has less than two years to get the movie developed, filmed, and through the extensive post-production these sort of movies require. So, when first-time director Seth Grahame-Smith dropped out last month, it was clear that WB was going to have to find a replacement “in a flash.” Marvel has had success with hiring non-action directors, often former “independent” filmmakers, and now WB/DC is doing something similar with The Flash. Director Rick Famuyiwa (Dope, Brown Sugar, Talk to Me) has signed with Warner Bros to direct their superhero movie&nbsp;The Flash. All six of Famuyiwa’s previous films as director have featured African American stars in lead roles (including HBO’s recent film Confirmation), but his star in The Flash will be Ezra Miller (Trainwreck, We Need to Talk About Kevin). Miller’s The Flash will be set in the DCU, which is a separate reality from the world where TV’s The Flash is played by Grant Gustin (in case fans of the show were holding out hope that WB/DC might change their minds).3.&nbsp;CATE BLANCHETT MAY JOIN SANDRA BULLOCK’S OCEAN’S OCHO SPINOFFPeople are used to hearing about movie projects that take years (or even decades!) to come to fruition, but every once in a while, there’s a film project that moves a lot faster. One such example is the “all female” Ocean’s Eleven spinoff that we first heard about only last fall, 2015. Already we’re starting to see a regular trickle of casting news for the film, suggesting it will start filming soon. This week’s revelation is that Cate Blanchett is now in talks to join the spinoff/soft-reboot, which is also now called Ocean’s Ocho. That title suggests there will be three fewer women participating in the next heist than originally assumed (“ocho” meaning “eight” in Spanish). Although the characters are not direct analogues to those in the George Clooney trilogy, if Cate Blanchett does sign on, she would be playing the “Brad Pitt” to Sandra Bullock’s “Clooney.” As for the actress who was thought to be the “Matt Damon” of Ocean’s Ocho, it is now looking like scheduling with other films might prevent Jennifer Lawrence from signing on (her status is still being negotiated). If the eight lead roles can be finalized in time, Warner Bros is hoping to start filming Ocean’s Ocho in late 2016 or early 2017.&nbsp;Ocean’s Ocho will be directed by Gary Ross (Seabiscuit, Pleasantville), who also directed The Hunger Games (which was partly&nbsp;why Jennifer Lawrence initially seemed like a “sure thing”).4. THIS WEEK IN LIN-MANUEL MIRANDA: IN THE HEIGHTS BACK IN DEVELOPMENT, MARY POPPINS RETURNS NEWSAs Hamilton continues to be a hit on Broadway (and one of the easiest bets in Tony Awards history), the play’s creator, Lin-Manuel Miranda, is one of the year’s most sought after talents in Hollywood as well. Take, for example, the notion of Miranda’s first hit musical In the Heights&nbsp;—&nbsp;about a summer day in the Dominican NYC neighborhood of Washington Heights —&nbsp;being adapted as a movie. It&nbsp;had been in development for a few years at Universal Pictures, but the studio eventually moved on, and we stopped hearing about it at that point (2011). Now, with Hamilton&nbsp;a big hit, the idea of an In the Heights movie has all of a sudden become much more attractive again. The Weinstein Company has come back on board the new effort to adapt In the Heights for the big screen. Although Lin-Manuel Miranda was attached to the movie version back in the 2000s, it’s unclear if he will still star in&nbsp;this adaptation&nbsp;or if his involvement will just be as producer (or if he will also direct, etc.). That wasn’t the only movie news involving Miranda, however, as he is also attached to the sequel that we now know will be&nbsp;Mary Poppins Returns.&nbsp;That sequel, in which Emily Blunt will take over as the titular nanny, is scheduled by Walt Disney Pictures for release on December 25, 2018. Mary Poppins Returns will be directed by Rob Marshall (Chicago, Into the Woods), and Lin-Manuel Miranda will play a new character, a streetlamp lighter in the era (London in 1930) when electric light is making gas lights less common.5.&nbsp;AMY SCHUMER WILL INVOKE THE QUESTION, WHO INVITED HER?It was less than a year ago that Amy Schumer starred in her first movie, Trainwreck,&nbsp;but the young comedian/TV/movie star is already developing a slate of upcoming films, including a comedy in which Goldie Hawn will star as a her mother in her first movie since 2002. The next movie we can add to Schumer’s potential filmography&nbsp;asks the question, Who Invited Her?&nbsp;Schumer will produce and star in the comedy as “a woman who insists on attending her best guy friend’s bachelor party weekend.” Reese Witherspoon is also producing Who Invited Her? through her Pacific Standard production company. There is not yet a director attached, but Universal Pictures is expected to move quickly on this film. Amy Schumer’s untitled movie with Goldie Hawn is currently scheduled for May 12, 2017.6. MELISSA MCCARTHY TO LIKEWISE ASK, CAN YOU EVER FORGIVE ME?Amy Schumer wasn’t the only female comedian/actress to land a big movie deal this week. Melissa McCarthy has now signed with Fox Searchlight to star in their adaptation of the memoir Can You Ever Forgive Me? by Lee Israel, who died in December, 2014 at the age of 75. Israel was a magazine journalist and biographer who became notorious when she was arrested for&nbsp;committing over 400 acts of forgery. Melissa McCarthy is replacing Julianne Moore, who was previously attached to star, but dropped out due to “creative differences.” Can You Ever Forgive Me? will be directed by Marielle Heller (The Diary of a Teenage Girl), working from a script by Nicole Holofcener (Enough Said, Please Give), who had previously been attached to direct.7.&nbsp;JADA PINKETT SMITH AND&nbsp;QUEEN LATIFAH EMBARK&nbsp;ON A GIRL TRIP NEXT SUMMERNew projects with leading roles for actresses just keep coming! This week, Universal Pictures announced that Queen Latifah and Jada Pinkett Smith are now both finalizing talks to star in a road trip comedy called Girl Trip. They&nbsp;join the already cast Regina Hall as 3/4 of a foursome of friends who set out on “a trip to New Orleans during the yearly Essence Festival… The group of women rekindle their friendship, get wild on the dance floor (and a little drunk), find romance and even get into a brawl.” &nbsp;The pair also similarly starred together in F. Gary Gray’s 1996 heist film Set it Off as two members of a female foursome.&nbsp;Girl Trip will be directed by Malcolm Lee (a frequent collaborator with Regina Hall), whose filmography includes The Best Man (and its sequels), Undercover Brother, and the recent sequel Barbershop: The Next Cut. Universal Pictures has scheduled Girl Trip for release on July 21, 2017.8. MARGOT ROBBIE, HUGH JACKMAN, AND OTHERS TO VOICE AUSTRALIAN MUSICAL LARRIKINSA quick&nbsp;look at upcoming movie release dates reveals&nbsp;that DreamWorks Animation has a film called Larrikins scheduled for February 16, 2018. If you’re unfamiliar with Australian slang, that title doesn’t tell you a whole lot. Come 2018, however, the term might be a lot more popular, because DreamWorks Animation has announced an impressive cast of Australian stars to provide the animated film its voices. Margot Robbie (Suicide Squad) had already been announced, and she is now being joined by&nbsp;Hugh Jackman, Naomi Watts, Rose Byrne, Ben Mendelsohn, and Jacki Weaver (the last two of whom were both in Animal Kingdom).&nbsp;Larrikins will be an animated musical about “a desert-dwelling marsupial known as a bilby who has lived under a rock his entire life before he is kicked out by his parents and told to get a life,” which leads the bilby to set&nbsp;off on a road trip across the Australian Outback.Rotten Idea of The Week1. JAKE GYLLENHAAL TO STAR IN ANOTHER VIDEO GAME MOVIE: TOM CLANCY’S THE DIVISIONFilm reviews are obviously not the only reason Hollywood studios make movies (box office returns are, one would think). Still, we hope for every movie to be “great,” so we’re always concerned about one of the most reliable genre trends when it comes to Tomatometer scores, namely&nbsp;video game adapations. The highest Tomatometer score any video game adaptation has ever received was the 44 percent for Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, and even that was 16 percent shy of being “Fresh.” Of course, Tomatometer scores don’t always mean a whole lot to Hollywood, and the recent box office success of Angry Birds suggests that (sometimes) they don’t discourage audiences, either. The latest best-selling videogame to be put into development as a film project is Ubisoft’s Tom Clancy’s The Division. That game is an online “open world” shooter in which the player is tasked with running missions around New York City, attempting to prevent a nefarious plot involving a deadly virus. Jake Gyllenhaal is already attached to produce and star in The Division, despite the failure he and Disney had when they last attempted a video game adaptation with 2010’s Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. Ubisoft is currently shopping The Division around to studios, and the film does not yet have a director or screenwriter attached.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"The, Broadway, FX, Emmys","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/03164200/Brie-Larson-Captain-Marvel-Ketchup.jpg","slug":"brie-larson-may-be-marvels-captain-marvel-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47509204499993","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Channing Tatum Confirmed as X-Men: Apocalypse‘s Gambit","content":"\n\n                                            Weekly Ketchup\n                                        \n                        \n                        \n                            var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];\n                            mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {\n                                mps.rt.insertlogo('#article_sponsorship_ad', 'ploc=articlesponsorship');\n                            });\n                        \n                    \n                    \n                        Weekly Ketchup: Channing Tatum Confirmed as X-Men: Apocalypse's Gambit\n                        Plus, films for Michael Fassbender, Daniel Radcliffe, Kathryn Bigelow, and Ridley Scott.\n                        by Greg Dean Schmitz | May 16, 2014                          | \n                          \n                              Comments\n                          \n                     \n\n                     \n\n                     \n                       \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                         \n                           \n                       \n                     \n\n                    \n                                                \nThis week’s Ketchup comes to you during the Cannes Film Festival, which means we were deluged with lots of announcements from the film market there. Particularly dominating this news cycle were “true stories,” with at least five such films covered here. The mix also includes new roles for Michael Fassbender, Aaron Paul, and Daniel Radcliffe; and new projects for directors Kathryn Bigelow, Derek Cianfrance, Nicolas Winding Refn, and Ridley Scott.\n\n\n\nThis Week’s Top Story\n\t\nCHANNING TATUM CAST AS GAMBIT IN X-MEN: APOCALYPSE AND SOLO MOVIE\n\nBack in January, we heard rumblings that Channing Tatum might join the ever-expanding X-Men franchise as the cajun hero Gambit. This week, franchise producer Lauren Shuler Donner was asked directly at a press event about Tatum as Gambit, and she gave a lengthy reply. Let’s just give you the whole bit: “Well you know he’s a rogue, Channing. He’s a rascal, just like Remy LeBeau, and he can handle the action, we all know that. He’s got a really good heart, because I know him personally, I did a movie with him. So I think he’ll be great, he’ll be great for Gambit, and he’s a southerner too, he’s not from New Orleans but he is a southerner and he understands that world, and you know Gambit loves New Orleans.” This was quickly followed by official confirmation that Channing Tatum’s version of the energized-card-throwing “rogue” will be introduced in X-Men: Apocalypse, which 20th Century Fox has scheduled for May 27, 2016, leading to a solo Gambit film at some later point. Given the likelihood that Hugh Jackman is going to eventually stop playing Wolverine, it makes sense that 20th Century Fox is developing solo projects like Gambit and the spinoff X-Force. There is currently an untitled Fox/Marvel movie scheduled for July 18, 2018, which might be either of those films. As for 20th Century Fox’s other major Marvel property, the upcoming reboot of The Fantastic Four, screenwriter Simon Kinberg this week confirmed that the two will not take place in the same worlds. Addressing the scenario of the Fantastic Four existing in a world with hundreds of superpowered mutants, Kinberg suggested this hypothetical question could be addressed to the characters: “Oh, you’re just a mutant. What’s so fantastic about you?” 20th Century Fox has scheduled The Fantastic Four for June 19, 2015.\n\n\n\nFresh Developments This Week\n\t\n#1 HOLLYWOOD COMEDY HAIL CAESAR CONFIRMED AS NEXT FOR THE COEN BROS\n\nWe’ve been hearing for years now that the Coen brothers were developing a comedy set during the Golden Age of Hollywood called Hail Caesar, including a story in December that speculated George Clooney might reunite with his O Brother Where Art Thou? directors. This week, we learned that “a movie” called Hail Caesar is now confirmed to be their next film after Inside Llewyn Davis, but the precise setting and focus of the film may have changed. Instead of being about “a 1920s matinee idol who tackles a sword-and-sandal epic,” the film may now instead focus on a 1950s “fixer” character who handles messy scandals for his studio. Of course, a third possibility is that the movie will actually incorporate both elements (like, perhaps, it’s a 1920s star in the 1950s who gets involved in a scandal while attempting an epic). Possibly confusing matters is that the fixer character in question is reported to be called “Eddie Mannix,” who was a real life studio executive who himself is most famous as a figure in the George Reeves murder controversy. Eddie Mannix was portrayed by the recently late Bob Hoskins in the 2002 film Hollywoodland, with Ben Affleck playing George Reeves. And that leads us to a story that is more “production” or “publicity” than “development,” but hey… did you hear about Sad Batman (which came soon after these images went public this week)? And of course, that truly puts us full circle, because George Clooney also played Batman.\n\n\n\t\n#2 MICHAEL FASSBENDER SEES THE LIGHT BETWEEN OCEANS\n\nMichael Fassbender is now in talks with DreamWorks to star in a drama called The Light Between Oceans for director Derek Cianfrance (Blue Valentine, The Place Beyond the Pines). Based upon a novel by M.L. Stedman, the film will be set off the coast of Western Australia after World War I. Michael Fassbender would play a lighthouse keeper who finds an infant girl in a boat next to a corpse, and “what seems like a blessing soon turns tragic, as mortality and love are tested.” Filming is expected to start later this year in Australia.\n\n\n\t\n#3 HELEN MIRREN AND AARON PAUL ARE THE MAKERS OF RULES, DEALING WITH FOOLS, IN EYE IN THE SKY\n\nThe “international thriller” Eye in the Sky upped its game considerably this week by adding Academy Award winner Helen Mirren and Emmy winner Aaron Paul (Jesse Pinkman from Breaking Bad). Mirren and Paul join Colin Firth, who had already been cast and announced in the film about drone warfare. Helen Mirren will play a British intelligence officer attempting to capture terrorists in Kenya, and Aaron Paul will play an American drone pilot who is given an order that poses a moral dilemma. Colin Firth plays a British politician, and is also co-producing. Eye in the Sky will be directed by Gavin Hood, who previously dealt with international politics in Rendition, which was followed by X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and last year’s adaptation of Ender’s Game. Filming of Eye in the Sky is scheduled to start in South Africa in September, 2014.\n\n\n\t\n#4 DRIVE DIRECTOR NICOLAS WINDING REFN CHECKS INTO HAUNTED HOTEL MOVIE THE BRINGING\n\nLast year, the body of a Canadian student named Elisa Lam was found inside one of the water towers atop the Cecil Hotel in Los Angeles, but where things got really weird was when the elevator security footage was leaked online, leading to some speculating about ghosts. Some of those people who were inspired by the case were apparently screenwriters and Sony Pictures executives, because 15 months later, there is now a new horror project called The Bringing. Like the Elisa Lam case, The Bringing will be set at the Cecil Hotel, which has been the setting for several suicides, at least three murders, and was reportedly the residence of two different serial killers (Richard Ramirez and Jack Unterweger). Someone else who was inspired by the Elisa Lam story was acclaimed director Nicolas Winding Refn (Drive, Valhalla Rising), who sought out the project, which is being compared to Stanley Kubrick’s The Shining.\n\n\n\t\n#5 DANIEL RADCLIFFE SAYS YOU SHALL KNOW OUR VELOCITY\n\nThe world is still waiting on an adaptation of the Dave Eggers memoir A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, but in the meantime, other books by the author are moving through development at a much faster pace. Tom Hanks and director Tom Tykwer (Cloud Atlas, Run Lola Run) are currently collaborating in Morocco and Germany on an adaptation of Eggers’ A Hologram for the King. This week, we learned of another adaptation, which Daniel Radcliffe is now attached to star in for director Peter Sollett (Raising Victor Vargas, Nick and Norah’s Infinite Playlist). The movie in question is called You Shall Know Our Velocity, and it will tell the story of two friends who set out on a trip across Africa on a mission to distribute a large amount of money to people in need before they arrive at the pyramids in Egypt to scatter their dead friend’s ashes. In addition to Egypt, the story is also set in Senegal and Morocco.\n\n\n\t\n#6 THIS WEEK IN ZACH GALIFIANAKIS “TRUE STORY” COMEDIES: LARRY’S KIDNEY AND LOOMIS FARGO\n\nSomeone at Cannes really likes Zach Galifianakis, because the comedian-turned-actor was involved in two different deals this week. First up, there’s the adaptation of the Daniel Asa Rose memoir Larry’s Kidney, in which Galifianakis is attached to reunite with Will Ferrell (his costar in The Campaign) for director Richard Linklater (School of Rock, Before Midnight). Will Ferrell will play the author, who traveled with his cousin Larry (Zach Galifianakis) “and his mail-order bride to save Larry’s life by skirting the law and securing him a kidney transplant.” The other news maker for Galifianakis this week was the previously announced crime comedy Loomis Fargo, which will be directed by Jared Hess (Napoleon Dynamite). Kirsten Wiig will join Zach Galifianakis and Owen Wilson in an adaptation of a true story about four Southern coworkers who pulled off (spoiler!) one of the biggest armored truck heists in American crime history. Production is scheduled to start in North Carolina in July, and Relativity Media has already scheduled Loomis Fargo for release on August 14, 2015.\n\n\n\t\n#7 THIS WEEK IN RIDLEY SCOTT SCI FI MOVIES:  BLADE RUNNER 2 AND THE MARTIAN\n\nAfter long stretches in his career in which he focused on other genres, director Ridley Scott is these days quite heavily investing in science fiction again, the genre that got him his first fame with films like Alien and Blade Runner. One of those projects (which we’ve known about for a while) is a Blade Runner sequel. What was previously unclear was how much (or whether) the character of Deckard would be featured in this sequel.  Well, this week, we learned that an offer has been made to Harrison Ford to reprise the role in the sequel, which is described as being “several decades” after the conclusion of the first film.  If you’re familiar with popular theories about Blade Runner, that bit of news alone should raise some questions. Harrison Ford is currently in England for the filming of Star Wars Episode VII. We don’t know when the Blade Runner sequel might start filming, but in the meantime, Ridley Scott might instead be focusing on another new project. Scott is in talks with 20th Century Fox to take over directing duties on The Martian, after the recent departure of Drew Goddard (who is now focusing on the Spider-Man spinoff The Sinister Six instead).  Matt Damon is now attached to star as “an astronaut who gets stranded on Mars and must figure out how to stay alive long enough to get back home.”\n\n\n\t\n#8 MOVIES INSPIRED BY CONTROVERSIAL TRUE STORIES: THE TRUE AMERICAN AND EDWARD SNOWDEN\n\nSometimes when we tie two stories together because of similarities (genre, creatives, source, etc), it can create a conundrum around the issue of “Fresh” vs “Rotten.” One movie might be Fresher, the other more dubious. Both films here address the issue of what it means to be an “American.”  First off, there’s the directly titled The True American, which will adapt a non-fiction book of the same title by Anand Giridharadas. English actor Tom Hardy (The Dark Knight Rises) is signed to star in The True American, which will be directed by Kathryn Bigelow (The Hurt Locker, Zero Dark Thirty). “In the charged, angry days after 9/11, self-styled ‘American Terrorist’ Mark Stroman murdered two immigrants in Texas, while a third man survived being shot in the head during Stroman’s spree: Raisuddin Bhuiyan, a Bangladesh Air Force veteran, was working at a Dallas-area convenience store as he established himself in America.”  That would be the more obviously “Fresh” story. And then, there’s No Place to Hide, which is being produced for Sony Pictures by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, who are most famous for producing the James Bond franchise. No Place to Hide will be an adaptation of a non-fiction book by Glenn Greenwald called more fully, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State. Yes, that’s right… the James Bond people are going to make a movie about former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.\n\n\n\nRotten Idea of the Week\n\t\n#1 ANOTHER YEAR, ANOTHER ANNOUNCED BONNIE &amp; CLYDE MOVIE: GO DOWN TOGETHER\n\nThe true crime story of bank robbers Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow continues to inspire prospective filmmakers, even some 45 years after the 1967 film which won two Academy Awards (Cinematography and Supporting Actress). Most recently, there was a two-part cable mini-series featuring Holliday Grainger and Emile Hirsch. The latest attempt at a Bonnie and Clyde film is called Go Down Together, and this week, we learned that the film’s stars will be Emilia Clarke (HBO’s Game of Thrones) and Nicholas Hoult (Warm Bodies, About a Boy). The “Rotten” part is that the film will be directed by Michael Sucsy, who is best known for The Vow, which was a very successful romantic drama in 2012… except that it was not so successful with critics, who only gave it a 29% Tomatometer score.\n\n\nFor more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via ","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"hard, Video, ITV, adventure, A24, Land, miniseries, Valentine's, Holiday, Geo, History","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Channing-Tatum-Confirmed-as-XMen-Apocalypses-Gambit"},{"id":"47509222164168","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Godzilla Returning to the US","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Godzilla Returning to the USPlus, Elijah Wood will be Frodo in The Hobbit.by Greg Dean Schmitz | January 7, 2011 |  CommentsThe new year at the Weekly Ketchup gets started with a column that plays catch up with not just the last seven days, but the last three weeks. The previous two columns were dedicated to the Fresh Developments and Rotten Ideas of 2010. Among the movies that took advantage of the slow news cycles of the holiday season were The Dark Tower, Godzilla, The Hobbit and new movies starring George Clooney, Barbra Streisand and two of the costars of Knocked Up.THIS WEEK’S TOP STORYGODZILLA STOMPS FORWARD WITH THE DIRECTOR OF MONSTERSLast March, Warner Bros announced plans for a new American version of Godzilla, in conjunction with the movie monster’s Japanese makers Toho Co. Now, the studio has found the director for this blockbuster, and their choice is Gareth Edwards, the British director of the 2010 low-budget indie science fiction movie Monsters. Monsters was Edwards’ feature debut, and was always intended by the director to be a stepping stone to attract Hollywood’s attention for a bigger project. Movies don’t get much bigger, or more logically in line with Edwards’ sensibilities, than Godzilla. The producers at Legendary Pictures (Watchmen, Clash of the Titans, The Dark Knight) were “ga-ga” over Monsters, which Edwards also did the visual effects for, and so the Godzilla job is his. The next step will be for Gareth Edwards to work with a new screenwriter (who hasn’t been hired yet), replacing David Callaham (cowriter of Doom, The Expendables).FRESH DEVELOPMENTS THIS WEEK#1 JAVIER BARDEM AND VIGGO MORTENSEN TOP THE ROLAND DESCHAIN WISH LIST FOR THE DARK TOWEROne of the biggest ongoing movie development stories of 2010 was the ambitious plans by Universal Pictures, Ron Howard’s Imagine Entertainment and NBC to adapt Stephen King’s The Dark Tower series as both a trilogy of movies and a TV series. The new year gets started with the search for the actor to play the Gunslinger himself, Roland Deschain. At this point, Ron Howard is considering several actors for the role, with Javier Bardem (No Country for Old Men) reportedly at the top of the list, with Viggo Mortensen (Lord of the Rings) a close second. Universal Pictures has scheduled the first movie in the new franchise for May 17, 2013.#2 KNOCKED UP SPAWNS A SPIN OFF FOR PAUL RUDD AND LESLIE MANNLast year’s Get Him to the Greek was a spin off movie for Russell Brand’s character from Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Now, Judd Apatow, who produced both of those movies, is applying the same approach to two of the better supporting characters from the 2007 hit Knocked Up. Leslie Mann (AKA Mrs. Apatow) and Paul Rudd costarred in Knocked Up as the sister and brother in law of Katherine Heigl’s character, and were portrayed as having marital trust issues. Judd Apatow has been quick to clarify this week that this untitled comedy is neither a prequel or sequel to Knocked Up, but is just a new story featuring those characters. There’s no word yet as to whether other characters from Knocked Up, such as those played by Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl will also make appearances. Judd Apatow is writing, directing and producing the untitled comedy, which will be his fourth movie as director after The 40 Year Old Virgin, Knocked Up and Funny People. Filming is scheduled to start in Los Angeles this summer, and Universal Pictures has scheduled it for a release date of June 1, 2012.#3 ELIJAH WOOD TO RETURN AS FRODO IN THE HOBBITDepending upon one’s perspective of both The Hobbit and the way movies narratives are told, this story is either an obvious no-brainer or a shock and surprise. Elijah Wood has been confirmed to be cast once again as Frodo Baggins in director Peter Jackson’s two-movie adapation of J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Hobbit. The reason this may be surprising to some is that Frodo does not actually appear at all in The Hobbit, which is instead the story of his older cousin Bilbo Baggins (The Lord of the Rings was a sequel trilogy to The Hobbit, which was published first). Elijah Wood will be appearing as Frodo in the opening scenes, as Frodo starts to read Bilbo’s account of his adventures in the book that he wrote entitled The Hobbit, or There and Back Again. Bilbo himself will be played by Martin Freeman (Love Actually, The Office), reprising the role previously played in the Lord of the Rings movies by Ian Holm.#4 GEORGE CLOONEY RETURNING TO EUROPE IN THE MONSTER OF FLORENCEIn the real world, George Clooney splits his time between a home in Los Angeles and a villa on Lake Como in Italy. Likewise, Clooney’s movie career and his future plans appear to be split between movies set in the United States and Italy (which is where his latest film The American was primarily set). The latest movie that George Clooney has attached himself to star in will return the actor to Italy, as the star of The Monster of Florence. The Fox 2000 movie will be an adaptation of the 2008 non-fiction book The Monster of Florence cowritten by Douglas Preston and Mario Spezi. Preston and Spezi investigated the gruesome “Il Mostro” killings in Florence, Italy from 1968 to 1985, and in the process found themselves also suspected by Italian police. There’s no word yet as to who George Clooney will be playing, but the most likely role would appear to be that of Douglas Preston himself, if the adaptation follows the book’s blending of their investigations with the story of the murders as well. The Monster of Florence got its start as a movie adaptation in 2008 when Tom Cruise optioned the rights (planning to star in it himself at the time), but Cruise is no longer involved. The screenwriter that Cruise hired, however, Christopher McQuarrie (The Usual Suspects; cowriter of The Tourist) still is, along with his Valkyrie cowriter Nathan Alexander.#5 GEMMA ARTERTON AND JEREMY RENNER WILL BE THE GROWN UP HANSEL &amp; GRETEL: WITCH HUNTERSGemma Arterton (Quantum of Solace, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time) has signed on with Paramount Pictures to costar with Jeremy Renner (The Hurt Locker) in Hansel &amp; Gretel: Witch Hunters. The dark action movie is set many years after the “traumatic childhood incident” that we all know as the fairy tale of Hansel and Gretel, when the adult siblings are now supernatural bounty hunters. Director Tommy Wirkola (Dead Snow) plans to start filming Hansel &amp; Gretel: Witch Hunters in Berlin, Germany on March 7, 2010. The movie is on a tight schedule, as it fits in the eight weeks between Renner wrapping up his role in Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol and his role as Hawkeye in The Avengers. Another reason that Paramount is racing to get the movie done quickly is that the studio wants to beat director Timur Bekmambetov’s adaptation of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter (scheduled for June 22, 2012) to the punch. Depending upon how post production goes, Paramount may be planning to release Hansel &amp; Gretel: Witch Hunters either around October, 2011 or in January of 2012.ROTTEN IDEAS OF THE WEEK#4 BARBRA STREISAND MAY RETURN TO MOVIE MUSICALS IN A GYPSY REMAKEAlthough it has now been over 25 years since Yentl (during which she’s only appeared in five movies, two of which had the word Fockers in the title), singer/actress Barbra Streisand got her movie career started with a string of movie musicals. Starting with Funny Girl in 1968, Barbra Streisand also starred in Hello, Dolly!, the sequel Funny Lady and the 1976 remake A Star is Born. Now, Barbra is in talks with Warner Bros to finally return to the genre in a planned remake of Gypsy, based on the Stephen Sondheim Broadway musical, and the memoirs of striptease artist Gypsy Rose Lee. Thankfully, the 68-year-old crooner will not be starring as Gypsy herself, but as her mother Rose, who was played in the 1962 film by Rosalind Russell. The character of Rose Hovick is a classic example of a “stage mom,” as she presses her young daughter to become an entertainer. There is no word yet as to which young actress would star as Gypsy herself. The deal is far from a done deal at this point, and there is not yet a script or director attached to the project, which would be produced by Joel Silver, who is usually more associated with steering the action franchises Die Hard, Lethal Weapon, Predator and The Matrix. Admittedly, there is surely a fanbase out there who would love to see Streisand return to movie musicals. However, this is one of this week’s Rotten Ideas because Gypsy as a modern remake (especially under Silver’s production) seems more likely to resemble something like Burlesque or Showgirls.#3 MADDEN CURSE: THE SORT OF REAL IDEA THAT MAKES COMING UP WITH APRIL’S FOOLS JOKES SO EASYThe video game company Electronic Arts is developing a movie project inspired by the Madden Curse, the belief that any NFL player that appears on the cover of one of their Madden games will soon suffer from some sort of injury or decline in performance. At this point, there is not yet any writer, director or movie studio actually attached to work on Madden Curse, but Electronic Arts hopes that someone will come aboard to make the movie a reality. Rather than be about an athlete, the planned movie would be about a “a former Madden video game champion who is forced out of retirement just as he finds himself on the corner of the game’s cover — and subject to the curse.” That premise alone is a bit Rotten, because it’s difficult to imagine that EA would ever produce a Madden game with a video game player on its cover. O.J. Simpson has a better chance of being on a Madden cover than that ever happening.#2 THE OUIJA DIRECTING JOB GOES TO THE GUY WHOSE NAME IS EASIEST TO SPELL ON THE BOARDUniversal Pictures is proceeding with its plans with Hasbro to adapt the company’s board games into actual big budget movies. Battleship is currently filming and is scheduled for a May 18, 2012 release date, and the next project up will be Ouija, which Universal has scheduled for November 12, 2012. Universal has begun negotations with director Joseph McGinty Nichol, AKA McG (Charlie’s Angels, Terminator: Salvation) to make Ouija his next movie after the recently wrapped comedy This Means War. Ouija is based upon the long-produced “talking board game” which some people believe allows the users to communicate with supernatural spirits. If McG signs on, filming is scheduled to start on the “supernatural action adventure” this summer. The Ouija script was adapted by screenwriters Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis, who are best known for writing several episodes of LOST and for cowriting TRON: Legacy. This is one of the week’s Rotten Ideas mostly because Universal and Hasbro’s “board game movie” plans seem to be based more on repopularizing aging brand names than an engaging narrative (since the Ouija game by itself has none).#1 BAKUGAN: BECAUSE THE DRAGONBALL AND LAST AIRBENDER MOVIES WORKED OUT SO WELLA year ago, many fans were cautiously optimistic about M. Night Shyamalan’s adaptation of Avatar: The Last Airbender, but now the movie is seen as one of the biggest critical and box office bombs of 2010. The year before, Dragonball: Evolution likewise did very poorly. And yet, Hollywood continues to develop live action movies based upon similar animated action/adventure TV series. The latest example is Bakugan, which Universal Pictures is developing, based upon the strategic figures/card game and the animated TV series Bakugan Battle Brawlers. Universal Pictures has hired director Harald Zwart (Agent Cody Banks, The Pink Panther 2) to start work on Bakugan. Harald Zwart is at a good place in his career currently, coming off the surprise summer success of his remake of The Karate Kid. There is currently no screenwriter attached to adapt Bakugan Battle Brawlers as a movie, but Harald Zwart will most likely be involved in finding and working with a screenwriter soon. Zwart is also executive producing a movie adaptation of the PC video game series RollerCoaster Tycoon. Bakugan has earned the spot as the Most Rotten Idea of the last few weeks based mostly on the lackluster results from previous recent attempts to adapt shows like Bakugan into live action movies.For more Weekly Ketchup columns by Greg Dean Schmitz, check out the WK archive, and you can contact GDS via Facebook or a RT forum message.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"dogs, OneApp, movies, FOX, psycho, Channel, Endgame, Columbia, richard","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Godzilla-Returning-to-the-US"},{"id":"47509237208904","title":"Weekly Ketchup: Eddie Murphy returns to Beverly Hills Cop","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Weekly Ketchup: Eddie Murphy returns to Beverly Hills CopBrett Ratner attached to Beverly Hills Cop 4, God of War, and Playboyby Greg Dean Schmitz | May 30, 2008 |  CommentsHey folks, another weekly batch of news to catch up on. The good news is the top 10 almost got by without a remake (and the one remake isn’t a *Hollywood* remake). The bad news is how often this week’s column uses the word “Ratner.”#1 YOU JUST KNOW THE BEVERLY HILLS COP IV TEASER WILL END WITH THAT TRADEMARK CHUCKLEThe last year has seen the release of three different movies that represent the 4th entry in franchises that saw their best success in the era of Ronald Reagan and Clara Peller: Die Hard, Rambo and Indiana Jones. All three did so after languishing in development hell for at least a decade each, and now another project that shares all of the same distinctions got what appears to be a pretty firm green light. Paramount hopes to start production of Beverly Hills Cop 4 in 2009, aiming for a summer, 2010 release, with Eddie Murphy returning as Axel Foley, and Brett Ratner (After the Sunset, the Rush Hour movies) in advanced talks to direct, from a script that has more names on its cover than the cast list of Lost. Now, here’s the thing. I’m not a fan of Ratner, but that’s mostly because of X-Men: The Last Stand, and his semi-mercenary reputation for being the guy studios bring in (or think about bringing in) when a project is troubled. However, what Ratner has done which was actually kind of entertaining were the first two Rush Hour movies, and in a way, that franchise is sort of just a martial-arts-infused stand-in for Beverly Hills Cop to fill in the 14 years since Beverly Hills Cop III. So, Eddie Murphy is apparently okay with not making silly “family” comedies for a while, and returning to a character that represents his R-rated roots. Let’s just hope part of the deal doesn’t involve Eddie playing more than one role. Or a fat suit.#2 GOD OF RATNER?You wouldn’t know it by reading the Brett Ratner-obsessed trades, but there are actually 13,000+ members of the Directors Guild of America. But nope, this week, it was nearly all-Ratner, all the time. Yay? Continuing the Ratner-thon, the Ratner-aganza, the Ratner-alypse, you might even say, the director apparently revealed this week that he’s considering adding the God of War videogame adaptation project to his busy slate. The God of War games are set in the violent world of Greek mythology, and follow the adventures of a tattooed and bald warrior named Kratos who seems custom-made for Vin Diesel to portray (IMO). Or, considering that Brett Ratner might direct this, maybe Chris Tucker. Anyway, I think that God of War probably does have a pretty good chance of being made some day, because it offers plenty of material for a bloody, CGI-heavy fantasy project that falls somewhere between Clash of the Titans and Conan. Is Brett Ratner the first director you’d think of for a project like this, though? Here’s hoping he said this before Beverly Hills Cop IV came along to keep him busy.#3 ROBERT DOWNEY, JR MONOPOLIZING MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY ROLES?You’d think Brett Ratner would be satisfied with the top two stories this week. Ah, but no, he is a demanding master of the Interweb movie news cycles. He must have slot #3 as well. Right about now, I feel like sending the Entourage producers a letter, asking them to just make him a regular cast member so he can show off his pool some more, and stop appearing in news items I have to write. Speaking of millionaires, mansions, and pools populated by expensive girls, Brett Ratner is set to direct Playboy, a biopic about Hugh Hefner, founder of the magazine, with Robert Downey, Jr. being pursued to play the man credited with setting America’s (male, at least) libidos free in the 1950s. Okay, this movie, I am perfectly cool with Brett Ratner doing, honestly, because I can sort of see how the dots connect (Beverly Hills Cop IV, too, like I admitted above). And Robert Downey, Jr.? Except for that fact that he doesn’t really look anything like Hugh Hefner, Downey seems like the perfect choice to play the robe-clad cad, especially since he was sort of channeling “The Hef” in certain scenes of his depiction of Tony Stark in Iron Man (the challenge there might be to separate the two roles, actually). Playboy will be released by Universal Pictures, and the script (which is what Downey’s participation hinges on) is by newcomer John Hoffman#4 OUIJA BOARD MOVIE SPELLS OUT C-A-S-H?The Hasbro toy company has been making the news recently with its plans to get movies made about some of its most classic properties. The latest concept to actually get some movement (after the Monopoly project to be directed by Ridley Scott) is Ouija Board, which Michael Bay’s Platinum Dunes production company (best known for horror remakes like Texas Chainsaw Massacre) will make for Universal Pictures, as part of their six year deal with Hasbro. The plot is not being revealed just yet, but what is known is that it will be a “supernatural adventure” that is specifically *not* similar to Jumanji (in that it does not involve a board game “coming to life”), and that the script is being written by David Berenbaum (Elf, The Haunted Mansion). I’ve read a lot of comments online grousing about the idea of “board game movies”, but honestly, I’d rather see them be made than say, a really awesome horror movie being needlessly remade. So, if Ouija Board takes a spot on the production slate of a studio that might have already gone to say, The Shining: Jack’s Back (a fake title… I hope), then I’d be okay with that. And besides, Ouija boards are kind of creepy, and this could actually be a kind of cool concept for a psychological and/or ghost movie. I just kind of hope they don’t hire some crappy emo band to do a cover of Morrissey’s creepy/haunting little ditty, Ouija Board, Ouija Board as the theme. In the meantime, there was actually a Filipino horror movie last year called Ouija that I think you might be able to find on DVD.#5 QUENTIN TARANTINO FINALLY INTRODUCING US TO SOME INGLORIOUS BASTARDS?Quentin Tarantino was in Cannes again this year, and he revealed that he has finished the first draft of his super-long-in-the-writing World War II ensemble project, Inglorious Bastards, which he says he hopes to have ready to bring back to the festival in May, 2009. Supposedly, the script, which may end up being more than one movie (ala Kill Bill) was as huge as 600 pages at one point (the average movie script is about 100-115 pages). Not a lot of plot details are known about Inglorious Bastards (except that it’s set about U.S. soldiers fighting Nazis in France) but over the years, some of the names that have been mentioned (by either QT or the actors themselves) as possibly joining the cast are Michael Madsen, Sylvester Stallone, Adam Sandler, Eddie Murphy, Paul Walker, Tim Roth and Bo Svenson. That’s quite a varied cast, but so were the stars of Pulp Fiction. I guess though my only question would be… aren’t most of those guys a lot older than the average World War II G.I. Joe? Specifically, their average age is 49 (I did the math!), while Paul Hardcastle’s Nineteen taught us that the average WWII soldier was 26. Or maybe their seasoned status is what makes them both bastards and inglorious? Anyway, it’s a Tarantino war movie. Sign me up, regardless, for sure.#6 SEARCHING FOR BILBO BAGGINSIn The Hobbit news, producer Peter Jackson and director Guillermo del Toro held a Q&amp;A chat last weekend, which was pretty lengthy and is a good read. Distilling just a few facts out of it, we get that they are aiming to start production in 2010, for releases of The Hobbit in late 2011 and the LOTR prequel project in late 2012. As for casting, although there are some characters from LOTR that are also in The Hobbit, which makes casting a lot easier (Gandalf and Gollum), most of the cast is going to be made up of a whole gaggle of dwarves, possibly a few goblins and trolls, the voices for some eagles, wolves and arguably the most famous dragon ever, and one very important hobbit, Bilbo Baggins. Although he was played by Ian Holm in Jackson’s movies, a much younger Bilbo is needed here. The hot rumor this week is that James McAvoy, who played a satyr in the first Narnia movie, and is costarring with Angelina Jolie in Wanted, is currently the top choice. He does have a certain indefinable hobbitishness (that mildly scruffy trait shared by the four LOTR guys), I suppose?#7 THE COLONEL BEHIND THE CURTAINProducer David Permut (Face/Off, Charlie Bartlett) is heading development of a feature adaptation of the 2003 biography, The Colonel (by Alanna Nash, who also wrote the book that inspired Up Close &amp; Personal), about “Colonel” Tom Parker, the svengali manager behind the career of Elvis Presley. The independent production reportedly has a writer and a director, but those details haven’t been announced yet. Nash’s book reveals that Parker was actually from the Netherlands (not from somewhere in the South, like I would have guessed), and that his arrival in America may be connected to some sort of shady connection to a murder over there. That part is news to me, but the story that most of us are probably more familiar with is how “The Colonel” was reportedly so totally in control of Presley’s career, and also reaped just a bit more of his income than what managers and agents usually take. This will definitely be an actor’s project, and I would expect Parker to be cast by someone with Oscar-friendly credentials. As for Elvis, I guess it depends upon whether the story centers on old or young (probably more likely) Elvis, but who today do you think would be a great Elvis?#8 COOL T-SHIRT DESIGNS, THE NEXT BIG MOVIE SOURCE?Dark Horse Comics, which has a long-standing production deal with Universal Pictures, announced this week plans to adapt the gothic teen girl character, Emily the Strange, into a feature film. The funny thing is that Emily the Strange is being described as a comics/graphic novel character, which technically she is, but there is something like a 10-year gap between the character’s creation as an iconic image on t-shirts, skateboards, etc and her first comic appearance in 2001. Anyway, Emily the Strange is this funky character that pays homage of sorts to the original Charles Addams illustrations (he of The Addams Family), mixed in with 90s-style teen goth style. As for actual stories, I am not familiar with the comics (I’ve just seen her images here and there since the early 1990s), but apparently the movie will tell her origin story, and it involves her four cats. It might be a few years before Emily the Strange gets made (especially since the story doesn’t mention a screenwriter or director), but whenever it does, this will no doubt be the opportunity for some young teen starlet to wear lots of black eyeliner, Mary Janes and the sort of baby doll dresses popularized by Courtney Love.#9 PLAN 9 FROM OUTER CHARLOTTESVILLEConsidering that on some weeks, as many as four of the 10 stories of the week are remakes, I suppose at least one was inevitable. The nature of this one, however, helps make it an exception, because it falls snugly into that rule that it’s okay to remake a flawed film. And they don’t get more flawed than Ed Wood’s gloriously craptastic sci-fi zombie epic, Plan 9 from Outer Space. So much so that Plan 9 might almost bounce back into the untouchable category, if one considers a strange sort of masterpiece of Woods’ independently minded style (as Tim Burton’s Ed Wood certainly seemed to argue). Anyway, a tiny little horror production company in Charlottesville, Virginia has announced plans to remake it as (just) Plan 9, in participation with Conrad Brooks, the only surviving cast/crew member, aiming for a release date of 9/9/09. Now, whether or not this is a movie that will get any kind of decent theatrical release, there’s no way of telling. But, I think Ed Wood’s movies are a hoot, and Plan 9 from Outer Space, with its multitude of production mistakes, stilted dialogue and bizarre performances, is one of his “best”, so the idea of another bunch of low-budget movie lovers trying their hand at it 50+ years later, I’m okay with that.#10 FAMILY FANTASY PROJECTS FOR RODRIGUEZ AND GREENFamily-friendly fantasy projects were announced this week for two different directors with indie roots that aren’t really in that vein, although Robert Rodriguez, with his Spy Kids movies has certainly done this sort of thing before. Although he has projects like Barbarella and Sin City 2 idling off in development limbo somewhere still, in the meantime, Rodriguez signed on with Warner Bros to direct his screenplay, Shorts, about an 11-year-old boy who is hit on the head by a rock that grants wishes to anyone holding it. The ensemble cast includes William H. Macy, James Spader, Jon Crier and Leslie Mann. Surprisingly, Rodriguez friends and frequent collaborators like Cheech Marin, Danny Trejo and Antonio Banderas are nowhere to be seen on this one. Making his debut in this sort of magical realism genre is David Gordon Green, who got his start with subdued little indie projects like All the Real Girls and George Washington, and now has the drug comedy, Pineapple Express, coming out this summer. His fantasy project for Universal, however, is called Your Highness, and is the story of a young, lazy, prince who is forced to save his kingdom from fantastic dangers like dragons and wizards. Considering he’s coming off of Pineapple Express, I have to wonder if the “High” in Highness has any sort of second meaning. Danny McBride, who costars in Tropic Thunder, Pineapple Express and the upcoming Land of the Lost remake, has been cast as the prince, in the project which is set to start filming in January, 2009.You can contact Greg Dean Schmitz via a message at the RT Forums, the thread there devoted to him, or his MySpace page.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Islander, Super, Family, Wars, Awards, Broadway, Larson, joker, on, service, war, AMC, books, poppins, cancelled","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Weekly-Ketchup-Eddie-Murphy-returns-to-Beverly-Hills-Cop"},{"id":"47508681532208","title":"WandaVision’s Kat Dennings and Randall Park Say Their Characters Survived the Snap (Though That Could Always Change)","content":"Comics On TVvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})WandaVision’s Kat Dennings and Randall Park Say Their Characters Survived the Snap (Though That Could Always Change)As they return to the MCU as Dr. Darcy Lewis and FBI Agent Jimmy Woo, the stars share where they think their characters have been – and what they've learned. Plus, series creator Jac Schaeffer teases more big reveals.by Erik Amaya | February 4, 2021 |  Comments(Photo by ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)Warning: The below contains mild spoilers for WandaVision episode 4.While it is still unclear within the context of WandaVision if Dr. Darcy Lewis (Kat Dennings) and FBI Agent Jimmy Woo (Randall Park) avoided the Snap and lived through the last five years, the actors who play them are pretty sure they did. Park even has the sleight of hand to prove it.“My theory is that he lived through those five years … he needed that time to work on his close-up magic. I mean it looked pretty clean,” Park said, referring to the way Woo produced his card when he first meets S.W.O.R.D. agent Monica Rambeau (Teyonah Parris).The trick is itself very much indicative of the magic surrounding WandaVision, and Rotten Tomatoes had the chance to talk to Park, Dennings, and&nbsp;showrunner Jac Schaeffer about that magic, Dr. Lewis and Agent Park’s return to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the possible meaning behind Wanda’s (Elizabeth Olsen) constant kitchen renovations.Just as Park has the card trick to fall back on as his proof his character didn’t turn to dust – Woo had yet to learn the trick in Ant-man and the Wasp, set just before the Snap – Dennings said a conversation with Schaeffer led her to believe she also remained in the universe.“We decided Darcy had not been blipped – so that was our decision in our character development, but unconfirmed,” she explained, adding it is still Marvel’s prerogative to reconsider that decision should it ever find a story to tell with Dr. Lewis’s disappearance. “I actually would like to know. Imagining Darcy in the Blip is very funny to me. And I don’t know, maybe one day we’ll get that flashback.”The new just-released mid-season poster for WandaVision. (Photo by ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)In bringing bringing Dr. Lewis back to the scene of the action,&nbsp;WandaVision&nbsp;also confirmed the character got her doctorate in the years since Thor: The Dark World.“That was a huge and surprising part of the character I wasn’t expecting, so very gratifying to see Darcy’s evolution from intern to scientist,” Dennings said. “It’s nice to see her being the boss for once. You can see the influence [Thor’s] Jane Foster and Erik Selvig had on her to go from political science major to, now, an astrophysicist – it’s a fun payoff.”Both were surprised at how quickly Marvel viewers have adopted them into their hearts, generated memes, and even started shipping the characters together.“I did hear that some folks were clamoring for a spinoff with the two,” said Park, who noted he heard about it second-hand from friends with social media accounts. “I just think it’s so cool.”Dennings agreed: “I saw a lot of that, and I was overcome with how much love there is after one episode. It’s so sweet.”The outpouring of affection was almost instantaneous and, though not exactly the plan, Schaeffer said she hoped viewers would be excited to see both characters again.“I knew Randall Park and Kat Dennings are inherently likable people,” she said. “So it’s not a surprise to me that people love them because they’re just lovable, no matter what they’re doing. What I didn’t expect was all of the attention to the fact that they’ve grown and changed over the years that we haven’t seen them. I didn’t anticipate so much appreciation for that.”Presenting their off-screen growth in the since Thor: The Dark World and Ant-Man and The Wasp was definitely intentional, though.“We wanted them to be the heroes of their space, and so, in order to be that, they needed to be good at their job, they needed to have grown professionally and personally and, yeah, people seem to be here for it,” Schaeffer said.The series creator also aimed to put both characters in the position of the fans themselves – charting Wanda and Vision’s (Paul Bettany) movements within the sitcom-ized Westview and scanning the earlier episodes for clues about their predicament, although she and the writing staff arrived there by a circuitous route: Initially, it was a chance for the writers to put parts of the whiteboard they were using to map the show into the series.“It was us trying to make sense of the rules of the world that we were creating and the mystery that we were building,” Schaeffer said. “And so a constant thing was stacking up the questions and then deciding when that question was answered and moving those cards around.”Some of that thought-process made its way onto the set in the form of Agent Woo’s whiteboard.&nbsp;Which is not to suggest the board contains clues, though. As Schaeffer sees it now, it is very much a case of the writers engaging in the same questions the fans are now asking four episodes in. Although, she admits she did not “anticipate the one-to-one sort of fan simulcasts” emerging from each episode.(Photo by ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)The level of interest and analysis supporting the “simulcasts” is thrilling to Schaeffer.“People care and your greatest desire as a content creator is that people care,” she said. “So much agony goes into every single decision. So for people to then examine those decisions and pour over those decisions, I mean, it’s really making me feel like I’m super important,” she joked. “But it’s also a little intimidating because I want people to feel satisfied about where the show goes and I just really hope they do.”As for our own examination of the details in the kitchen sets and the possibility that it may be commenting on the roles of women on sitcoms like The Dick Van Dyke Show and Bewitched, Schaeffer said it may be more of a subconscious element in recreating the look of those programs’ kitchens than a direct story point.“The kitchen is such an important space and, especially in the earlier sitcoms, that was where the ladies hung out most of the time,” she said, crediting production designer Mark Worthington and episode director Matt Shakman with paying so much attention to the details of the shows being honored via the constantly-changing home Wanda and Vision share.(Photo by ©Marvel Studios 2021. All Rights Reserved.)She also noted certain aspects of the sets remain the same from episode to episode.“We wanted a continuity of feeling in the sets,” she explained. “So that’s why the kitchen and the living room are always oriented the same way, the doorway, all of that has a consistent layout to it.”Indeed, the door to the front yard stays to the far left of the set, while the stairwell – since it debuted – remains in the center, and the kitchen to the far right. Whether or not the changes to the set have a deeper meaning remains to be seen. Schaeffer suggested a deep-dive Q&amp;A with Worthington about his choices “might have to wait” until the full scope of the series is revealed.Another question that will have to wait: whether or not Wanda can grieve. It is another key detail the series appears to be circling around, and Schaeffer only offered that Wanda is a “complex lady.”That complexity is a clue to why she would recreate family sitcoms of the 1960s and ’70s – if she is behind all of this, of course – but it also speaks to the character’s experience with television. As it happens, no sitcom of the late ’70s fits the world she seems to be creating in Westview. That era of family sitcoms was dominated by producer Norman Lear, whose All in The Family, Maude, and Good Times confronted societal ills in a very direct way. Though Schaeffer and the writing team took a good look at those programs, she said, “The overt social commentary of those shows didn’t entirely align with what we were doing in the ’70s.”Joel MearesWanda’s version of the Me Decade definitely appears dominated by the more affluent world of the Bradys than, say, that of the project-dwelling Evans family of Good Times or the one Maude Findlay strove to make for herself. A Wanda Maximoff hoping to avoid poverty and racial or political unrest is not hard to imagine, and as we will likely see in upcoming episodes, television shifted back toward an idealized middle-class affluence in the 1980s – something&nbsp;that will enable her to maintain the fantasy.Regardless of how 20th-century sitcoms approached their material, they always did it in the classic (and boxy) 4:3 frame of cathode ray tube televisions. With WandaVision’s fourth episode, the Marvel world returned to the widescreen view of films like Iron Man and Avengers: Endgame. And now that the series has played with both frame sizes, Schaeffer said she expects viewers will embrace any screen size, color scheme, or plot development the program can dream up next.“We’ve thrown a lot at them and what they’ve shown us is that they are ready for switcheroos and surprises and playing with form and structure,” Schaeffer said. “And they should expect a lot.”Dennings and Park, meanwhile, never completely expected to return to the Marvel Universe, but are always happy to do so.“In the back of your mind, you’re like, ‘Well, once you’re in the Marvel Universe, you’re in the Marvel Universe,’ [but] I certainly had no expectations to be brought back,” Dennings said. “I was grateful to be even in one film let alone two, so I was so delighted and I love what they’ve done with [Darcy’s] character.”Park was similarly grateful for the opportunity: “It was a great thrill to be invited back because I thought that maybe Ant-Man and the Wasp might be my [only] time in the Marvel Universe. So to come back, especially in a show like this, is just really, really incredible. And if I come back again, that would be great. I would do it in a heartbeat.”New episodes of&nbsp;WandaVision&nbsp;premiere on Fridays on&nbsp;Disney+.On an Apple device? Follow Rotten Tomatoes on Apple News.","section":"Comics on TV","tags":"Paramount, Movies, toronto","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/04122339/wandavision-104_dennings-park-600x314.jpg","slug":"wandavisions-kat-dennings-and-randall-park-say-their-characters-survived-the-blip"},{"id":"47508709298222","title":"All Emma Stone Movies Ranked","content":"(Photo by Lionsgate)All Emma Stone Movies RankedEarly Certified Fresh hits got Emma Stone quickly into the spotlight, starting with a notable secondary role in Superbad, jumping to co-star in Zombieland, and taking the lead in Easy A, which meant A-list. The Amazing Spider-Man franchise may have fizzled after, but since then Stone’s been on the Academy’s invite list. She was Oscar-nominated for Birdman, The Favourite, and La La Land, winning for the latter. Third time’s the charm with Ryan Gosling. Stone’s been doing a victory lap with sequels to Zombieland and The Croods, and will appear next in 2021’s Cruella, as the Disney dalmatian queen herself.\tBefore she goes to the dogs, we’re ranking all Emma Stone movies by Tomatometer!#24Movie 43 (2013) 4%#24Adjusted Score: 6.844% Critics Consensus: A star-studded turkey, Movie 43 is loaded with gleefully offensive and often scatological gags, but it's largely bereft of laughs.Synopsis: From the twisted minds of producers Peter Farrelly (Hall Pass, Shallow Hal) and Charles Wessler (There's Something About Mary, Dumb... [More]Starring: Johnny Knoxville, Gerard Butler, Anna Faris, Seann William ScottDirected By: Peter Farrelly, Jonathan van Tulleken, Steve Carr, Steven Brill#23Marmaduke (2010) 9%#23Adjusted Score: 11.563% Critics Consensus: Dull and unfunny, Marmaduke offers family filmgoers little more than another round of talking animals and scatological humor.Synopsis: When advertising exec Phil Winslow (Lee Pace) gets an offer to head the account for a California-based dog-food company, he... [More]Starring: Owen Wilson, Emma Stone, George Lopez, Christopher Mintz-PlasseDirected By: Tom Dey#22Aloha (2015) 20%#22Adjusted Score: 26.005% Critics Consensus: Meandering and insubstantial, Aloha finds writer-director Cameron Crowe at his most sentimental and least compelling.Synopsis: Bradley Cooper stars as a defense worker who teams up with a pilot (Emma Stone) to stop a satellite launch... [More]Starring: Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams, Danny McBride (IV)Directed By: Cameron Crowe#21Land of the Lost (2009) 26%#21Adjusted Score: 32.038% Critics Consensus: Only loosely based on the original TV series, Land of the Lost is decidedly less kid-friendly and feels more like a series of inconsistent sketches than a cohesive adventure comedy.Synopsis: Space-time vortexes suck. Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into one and spat back through time. Way back. Now, Marshall has... [More]Starring: Will Ferrell, Anna Friel, Danny McBride (IV), Jorma TacconeDirected By: Brad Silberling, Adam McKay#20Ghosts of Girlfriends Past (2009) 28%#20Adjusted Score: 32.306% Critics Consensus: A retread of A Christmas Carol, featuring Matthew McConaughey in a retread of his Dazed and Confused role, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past lacks originality, humor, and any semblance of charm.Synopsis: Ghosts of Girlfriends Past -- the Mark S. Waters-directed fusion of A Christmas Carol with a traditional romantic comedy --... [More]Starring:Directed By:#19Gangster Squad (2013) 31%#19Adjusted Score: 38.983% Critics Consensus: Though it's stylish and features a talented cast, Gangster Squad suffers from lackluster writing, underdeveloped characters, and an excessive amount of violence.Synopsis: Los Angeles, 1949. Ruthless, Brooklyn-born mob king Mickey Cohen (Sean Penn) runs the show in this town, reaping the ill-gotten... [More]Starring: Ryan Gosling, Josh Brolin, Nick Nolte, Sean PennDirected By: Ruben Fleischer#18Paper Man (2010) 32%#18Adjusted Score: 32.072% Critics Consensus: No consensus yet.Synopsis: Paper Man is a comedic drama about an unlikely friendship between Richard, a failed middle-aged novelist who has never quite... [More]Starring: Jeff Daniels, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Lisa KudrowDirected By: Kieran Mulroney, Michele Mulroney#17The Rocker (2008) 41%#17Adjusted Score: 45.253% Critics Consensus: With a predictable and lightweight story, the earnest efforts of the cast are squandered by The Rocker's bland script.Synopsis: The Office star Rainn Wilson portrays a drummer named \"Fish,\" who gets a second shot at fame 20 years after... [More]Starring: Rainn Wilson, Lonny Ross, Christina Applegate, Josh GadDirected By: Peter Cattaneo#16The House Bunny (2008) 43%#16Adjusted Score: 47.338% Critics Consensus: Anna Faris is game, but she can't salvage this middling, formulaic comedy.Synopsis: When Playboy playmate Shelley (Anna Faris) is unceremoniously evicted from Hugh Hefner's lavish mansion in order to make room for... [More]Starring: Anna Faris, Colin Hanks, Emma Stone, Kat DenningsDirected By:#15Irrational Man (2015) 47%#15Adjusted Score: 54.608% Critics Consensus: Irrational Man may prove rewarding for the most ardent Joaquin Phoenix fans or Woody Allen apologists, but all others most likely need not apply.Synopsis: When a burned-out, brilliant professor - one who believes in lessons from life rather than textbooks - takes a job... [More]Starring: Joaquin Phoenix, Emma Stone, Jamie Blackley, Meredith HagnerDirected By: Woody Allen#14Magic in the Moonlight (2014) 51%#14Adjusted Score: 58.352% Critics Consensus: While far from a failure, Magic in the Moonlight is too slight to stand with Woody Allen's finest work.Synopsis: Chinese conjuror Wei Ling Soo is the most celebrated magician of his age, but few know that he is the... [More]Starring: Eileen Atkins, Colin Firth, Marcia Gay Harden, Emma StoneDirected By: Woody Allen#13The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014) 51%#13Adjusted Score: 63.583% Critics Consensus: While the cast is outstanding and the special effects are top-notch, the latest installment of the Spidey saga suffers from an unfocused narrative and an overabundance of characters.Synopsis: We've always known that Spider-Man's most important battle has been within himself: the struggle between the ordinary obligations of Peter... [More]Starring: Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, Jamie Foxx, Dane DeHaanDirected By: Marc Webb#12Zombieland: Double Tap (2019) 69%#12Adjusted Score: 79.544% Critics Consensus: Zombieland: Double Tap makes up for a lack of fresh brains with an enjoyable reunion that recaptures the spirit of the original and adds a few fun twists.Synopsis: A decade after Zombieland became a hit film and a cult classic, the lead cast (Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Abigail... [More]Starring: Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone, Abigail BreslinDirected By: Ruben Fleischer#11Friends With Benefits (2011) 68%#11Adjusted Score: 73.091% Critics Consensus: Friends with Benefits adds nothing new to its well-worn rom-com formula, but the chemistry between Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis is almost enough to carry the movie by itself.Synopsis: Dylan (Justin Timberlake) and Jamie (Mila Kunis) think it's going to be easy to add the simple act of sex... [More]Starring: Justin Timberlake, Mila Kunis, Patricia Clarkson, Jenna ElfmanDirected By: Will Gluck#10The Croods (2013) 72%#10Adjusted Score: 77.219% Critics Consensus: While it may not be as (ahem) evolved as the best modern animated fare, The Croods will prove solidly entertaining for families seeking a fast-paced, funny cartoon adventure.Synopsis: The Croods tells the story of the world's first family road trip. When their cave is destroyed, the Crood family... [More]Starring: Nicolas Cage, Emma Stone, Ryan Reynolds, Catherine KeenerDirected By: Chris Sanders, Kirk DeMicco#9The Amazing Spider-Man (2012) 72%#9Adjusted Score: 84.973% Critics Consensus: A well-chosen cast and sure-handed direction allow The Amazing Spider-Man to thrill, despite revisiting many of the same plot points from 2002's Spider-Man.Synopsis: The Amazing Spider-Man is the story of Peter Parker (Garfield), an outcast high schooler who was abandoned by his parents... [More]Starring: Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, Rhys Ifans, Denis LearyDirected By: Marc Webb#8The Help (2011) 76%#8Adjusted Score: 83.24% Critics Consensus: Though it fails to fully engage with its racial themes, The Help rises on the strength of its cast -- particularly Viola Davis, whose performance is powerful enough to carry the film on its own.Synopsis: The Help stars Emma Stone as Skeeter, Viola Davis as Aibileen and Octavia Spencer as Minny-three very different, extraordinary women... [More]Starring: Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Octavia SpencerDirected By: Tate Taylor#7Crazy, Stupid, Love. (2011) 79%#7Adjusted Score: 86.491% Critics Consensus: It never lives up to the first part of its title, but Crazy, Stupid, Love's unabashed sweetness -- and its terrifically talented cast -- more than make up for its flaws.Synopsis: At fortysomething, straight-laced Cal Weaver (Steve Carell) is living the dream-good job, nice house, great kids and marriage to his... [More]Starring: Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Julianne Moore, Emma StoneDirected By: Glenn Ficarra, John Requa#6Battle of the Sexes (2017) 84%#6Adjusted Score: 97.367% Critics Consensus: Battle of the Sexes turns real-life events into a crowd-pleasing, well-acted dramedy that ably entertains while smartly serving up a volley of present-day parallels.Synopsis: In the wake of the sexual revolution and the rise of the women's movement, the 1973 tennismatch between women's World... [More]Starring: Emma Stone, Steve Carell, Andrea Riseborough, Sarah SilvermanDirected By: Jonathan Dayton, Valerie Faris#5Easy A (2010) 85%#5Adjusted Score: 90.608% Critics Consensus: It owes a huge debt to older (and better) teen comedies, but Easy A proves a smart, witty showcase for its irresistibly charming star, Emma Stone.Synopsis: Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter is re-imagined as a contemporary high school comedy in this tale of a scheming student... [More]Starring: Emma Stone, Penn Badgley, Amanda Bynes, Dan ByrdDirected By: Will Gluck#4Superbad (2007) 88%#4Adjusted Score: 95.019% Critics Consensus: Deftly balancing vulgarity and sincerity while placing its protagonists in excessive situations, Superbad is an authentic take on friendship and the overarching awkwardness of the high school experience.Synopsis: Operating under the assumption that by procuring alcohol for an upcoming party they will finally be able to break their... [More]Starring: Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Bill Hader, Christopher Mintz-PlasseDirected By: Greg Mottola#3Zombieland (2009) 89%#3Adjusted Score: 97.471% Critics Consensus: Wickedly funny and featuring plenty of gore, Zombieland is proof that the zombie subgenre is far from dead.Synopsis: A cowardly shut-in named Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg) is forced to join up with a seasoned zombie slayer named Tallahassee (Woody... [More]Starring: Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone, Abigail BreslinDirected By: Ruben Fleischer#2Birdman (2014) 91%#2Adjusted Score: 105.561% Critics Consensus: A thrilling leap forward for director Alejandro González Iñárritu, Birdman is an ambitious technical showcase powered by a layered story and outstanding performances from Michael Keaton and Edward Norton.Synopsis: BIRDMAN or The Unexpected Virtue Of Ignorance is a black comedy that tells the story of an actor (Michael Keaton)... [More]Starring: Michael Keaton, Edward Norton, Zach Galifianakis, Emma StoneDirected By: Alejandro González Iñárritu#1The Favourite (2018) 93%#1Adjusted Score: 111.201% Critics Consensus: The Favourite sees Yorgos Lanthimos balancing a period setting against rich, timely subtext - and getting roundly stellar performances from his well-chosen stars.Synopsis: Early 18th century. England is at war with the French. Nevertheless, duck racing and pineapple eating are thriving. A frail... [More]Starring: Olivia Colman, Emma Stone, Rachel Weisz, Nicholas HoultDirected By: Yorgos Lanthimos","section":"Countdown","tags":"demand, Amazon, Apple, ghosts, of, king, directors, Showtime, series","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/13205833/600EmmaStone.jpg","slug":"all-emma-stone-movies-ranked"},{"id":"47508796966723","title":"Critics Consensus:   Benjamin Button Rewards the Curious; It’s Bedtime for Bedtime Stories","content":"Critics Consensusvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Critics Consensus: Benjamin Button Rewards the Curious; It's Bedtime for Bedtime StoriesAlso, The Spirit is lacking, Valkyrie isn't all bad, Marley &amp; Me falters, and Doubt is Certified Freshby Tim Ryan | December 23, 2008 |  CommentsThis week at the movies, we’ve got a full slate of new flicks: Bedtime Stories, starring Adam Sandler and Keri Russell; The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett; Valkyrie, starring Tom Cruise and Kenneth Branagh; Marley &amp; Me, starring Owen Wilson and Jennifer Aniston; and The Spirit, starring Gabriel Macht and Scarlett Johansson. What do the critics have to say?In such films as Punch-Drunk Love and Reign Over Me, Adam Sandler has proven that his adolescent schtick isn’t the only note he can play. So critics are a bit disappointed with Bedtime Stories, in which the beloved funnyman attempts to make a comedy for all ages — and comes up with something that never fulfills its admittedly clever premise. Sandler stars as Skeeter, a handyman at a hotel who notices something strange: the bedtime stories he’s been telling his children have a tendency to come true. A tug-of-war between Skeeter’s attempts to use this strange power to his advantage — and his children’s additions to the stories — ensues. The pundits say Bedtime Stories may offer younger audiences some yucks, but the film’s overplotted and haphazard approach can’t sustain the laughs — or much dramatic interest. At 24 percent on the Tomatometer, it appears to be bedtime for Bedtime.“This Tomatometer score is all your fault. I knew we should have gone with your brother.”Taking a break from chronicling the dark side of humanity, David Fincher makes a foray into period fantasy melodrama with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. And the critics say the film presents a bold, if flawed, dreamworld. In this loose adaptation of an F. Scott Fitzgerald short story, Brad Pitt stars as a man who is born old and ages in reverse. This profoundly complicates his romance with Daisy (Cate Blanchett), as the two of them can only share love at a fleeting moment in the middle of their lives. While critics say the film is sometimes so taken with its own epic grandeur that it doesn’t quite register emotionally, Button is visually remarkable thanks to some groundbreaking special effects, and Pitt is admirably nuanced in the title role. At 74 percent on the Tomatometer, the Curious may want to check this one out. (And click here for our interview with screenwriter Eric Roth.)“So this is what Australia looks like…”After months of rumor, innuendo, and release-date switcheroos, Bryan Singer’s World War II thriller, Valkyrie, is finally hitting theaters. And the pundits say it’s certainly not the disaster that industry buzz might have portended; instead, it’s respectable, if not spectacular. Tom Cruise stars as Claus von Stauffenberg, the ringleader of a plot by German officers to assassinate Adolph Hitler. It may sound like a plodding procedural, but the critics say the film is well-constructed and sharply-paced, a respectable adaptation of a remarkable true story. However, others say the performances are something of a mixed bag, and a sense of anticlimax can weigh down even some of the sharper scenes. Valkyrie currently stands at 58 percent on the Tomatometer.“No, Tom, you can’t wear the general’s uniform. Get over it.”Pooch-lovers the world over will likely rejoice at the prospect of Marley and Me, since they get to see the antics of an adorable canine. However, critics say lovers of drama and comedy may find this one to be lacking. Based on John Grogan’s bestselling memoir, Marley and Me stars Owen Wilson as a newspaper columnist who, along with his wife Jenny (Jennifer Aniston) adopts a Labrador retriever as a trial run for parenthood. Unfortunately, the dog is ill-behaved, destroying the house and occasionally threatening the couple’s sanity despite maintaining some measure of lovability. The pundits say what worked on the page doesn’t translate to the screen, as complexity and nuance have been jettisoned in favor a light blend of comedy and drama that feels, well, dog-eared. At 40 percent on the Tomatometer, you may not want to fetch Marley and Me.“Warmhearted dramedy or Viagra ad? You make the call.”Frank Miller’s noir-ish aesthetic fueled such muscular visual treats as Sin City (which he co-directed with Robert Rodriguez) and 300. Now, he’s all alone in the director’s chair with The Spirit — and critics say the result is a big disappointment. Adapted from the Will Eisner comic strip, The Spirit follows the title character (Gabriel Macht) — a slain cop who returns from the grave to fight crime — as he tangles with the evil Octopus (Samuel L. Jackson). Negotiating the dark streets of Central City, our hero keeps running into a bevy of femme fatales (including Eva Mendes and Scarlett Johansson) with murky motives. The pundits say The Spirit‘s over-the-top characterizations could be forgiven in the right circumstances — see Sin City — but the movie is crafted with little regard for coherence, the performances are generally histrionic, and the whole enterprise verges on camp. At 29 percent on the Tomatometer, the scribes aren’t feeling The Spirit.“I deserve better than this. I’m mother****in’ Sam Jackson!”John Patrick Shanley has adapted his Pulitzer Prize-winning stage play Doubt to the screen, and critics say it’s a worthy showcase for some of the finest acting you’ll see this year. Philip Seymour Hoffman plays Father Flynn, a priest trying to bring new life to the staid world of a Bronx Catholic school. However, Sister Aloysius (Meryl Streep) is threatened by some of his changes — and that’s before she hears rumors that he’s been spending too much time with the school’s first African American student. The pundits say Doubt at times has a stagey, un-cinematic feel, but it’s more than redeemed by its air of moral ambiguity and outstanding performances; in addition to Streep and Hoffman, Viola Davis and Amy Adams have also earned high marks (and Golden Globes nods). Certified Fresh at 75 percent on the Tomatometer, there’s no Doubt this is a strong film. (Click here for RT’s interview with Davis.)“So tell me more about this ‘Andalasia.'”Also opening this week in limited release:Waltz with Bashir, a surreal animated feature that delves into one man’s memories of the 1983 Lebanon War, is at 94 percent.Secret of the Grain, about a the complex domestic interactions of a Tunisian family that owns a restaurant in France, is at 90 percent.Sam Mendes‘ Revolutionary Road, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as a couple struggling to transcend their lot in the conformist 1950s, is at 77 percent.Last Chance Harvey, starring Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson as two lonely singles in middle age who make a powerful connection, is at 72 percent.Recent Brad Pitt Movies:79% — Burn After Reading (2008)75% — The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford (2007)70% — Ocean’s Thirteen (2007)69% — Babel (2006)58% — Mr. and Mrs. Smith (2005)","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"cancelled, Pacific, cooking, poppins, Review, we, The","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Critics-Consensus-Benjamin-Button-Rewards-the-Curious-Its-Bedtime-for-Bedtime-Stories"},{"id":"47508877308474","title":"Young Frankenstein, City of God, Mean Girls, and More Certified Fresh Movies on Netflix and Amazon Prime","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Young Frankenstein, City of God, Mean Girls, and More Certified Fresh Movies on Netflix and Amazon Primeby RT Staff | June 6, 2017 |  CommentsIt’s the first week of the month, which means Netflix and Amazon Prime have introduced&nbsp;another big batch of new titles to their selections. As usual, we’ve picked just the very best — the Certified Fresh choices — and while some of these have come and gone in the past, it’s always a good thing when they show up again. Read on for the full list, which includes everything from a Mel Brooks spoof&nbsp;to a crime drama from Brazil to a Tina Fey-scripted fan-favorite high school comedy.New on Netflix&nbsp;Full Metal Jacket (1987)  92%Matthew Modine and Vincent D’Onofrio star in Stanley Kubrick’s Certified Fresh Vietnam War movie, which takes viewers through a grueling boot camp before dropping them directly into the field of battle.Available now on: NetflixYoung Frankenstein (1974)  94%Gene Wilder and Teri Garr star in Mel Brooks’ hilarious send-up of Mary Shelley’s novel, as Wilder plays the grandson of Victor Frankenstein, who has spent his life distancing himself from his grandfather until he returns to the family castle and discovers his secret notes.Available now on: NetflixZodiac (2007)  89%Jake Gyllenhaal and Robert Downey Jr. star in David Fincher’s gripping retelling of the real-life search for the notorious Zodiac serial killer who terrorized San Francisco during the 1980s.Available now on: NetflixThe Sixth Sense (1999)  86%Bruce Willis and Haley Joel Osment star in M. Night Shyamalan’s supernatural thriller about a child psychologist who attempts to help a young boy who claims to “see dead people.”Available now on: NetflixMean Girls (2004)  84%With breakout performances from Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Amanda Seyfried, and Lizzy Caplan, as well as a sharp script from Tina Fey, Mean Girls remains one of the definitive comedies of the 2000s.Available now on: NetflixNew on&nbsp;Amazon Prime&nbsp;I Am Not Your Negro (2017)  99%This Oscar-nominated documentary takes a look at influential African-American writer James Baldwin’s life and sociopolitical legacy, focusing on an unfinished, unpublished manuscript Baldwin left behind when he died in 1987.Available now on: Amazon PrimeGone Baby Gone (2007)  94%Casey Affleck and Morgan Freeman star in Ben Affleck’s directorial debut, an adaptation of the Dennis Lehane novel about a private detective whose investigation into the kidnapping of a local girl uncovers a web of corruption.Available now on: Amazon PrimeBlue Velvet (1986)  94%David Lynch’s haunting, surreal portrait of a small town with dark secrets stars Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, Laura Dern, and Dennis Hopper (in arguably his creepiest performance ever).Available now on: Amazon PrimeCidade de Deus (City of God) (2003)  91%Fernando Meirelles’ explosive coming-of-age drama set in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro centers on a pair of friends who grow up together, enter the criminal world, and face the consequences of their lifestyle.Available now on: Amazon PrimeMagnolia (1999)  83%Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore, and Philip Seymour Hoffman headline an all-star cast in Paul Thomas Anderson’s multiple character study that weaves its way through&nbsp;a number of interconnected stories.Available now on: Amazon PrimeNew on Netflix and Amazon Prime&nbsp;The Queen (2006)  96%Helen Mirren and Michael Sheen star in this examination of the British Royal Family’s response in the days following the sudden, tragic death of Princess Diana in 1997.Available now on: Netflix,&nbsp;Amazon PrimeNew on&nbsp;FandangoNOW&nbsp;Dirty Pretty Things (2003)  94%Audrey Tatou and Chiwetel Ejiofor star in this drama about a Nigerian immigrant and Turkish maid working in a sketchy London hotel who become mixed up in its less than legal activities.Available now on: FandangoNOWBlue Velvet (1986)  94%The David Lynch film mentioned above is also newly available on FandangoNOW.Available now on: FandangoNOW&nbsp;","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"TV, south, Cinematographers, Rocketman, horror, Comedy","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/06102738/Young-Frankenstein-Streaming.jpg","slug":"young-frankenstein-city-of-god-mean-girls-and-more-certified-fresh-movies-on-netflix-and-amazon-prime"},{"id":"47508996275882","title":"Total Recall: The 20 Greatest Fights Scenes Ever","content":"Total Recallvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Total Recall: The 20 Greatest Fights Scenes EverRT picks the 20 greatest fist fights of all time.by Tim Ryan | April 17, 2008 |  CommentsThis week, The Forbidden Kingdom, the long-awaited pairing of Jackie Chan and Jet Li, hits theaters. These two action legends have participated in many a fight over the years, so we figured it was a good time to count down some of the greatest movie brawls of all time.With so many noteworthy celluloid scuffles to choose from, we felt we had to lay down some ground rules: no weapons allowed, and we’re looking for relatively even matches; we’ll cover the greatest beatdowns another time. These clips are often not for the squeamish, and some contain a good deal of profanity, so we’ve tagged those as NSFW. Without further ado, here are 20 of the greatest fight scenes of all time!20.&nbsp;Road House (1989)  39%Patrick Swayze vs. Ben Gazzara’s thugsOne of the most surreal entertainments ever cast out for mainstream consumption, Road House stars Patrick Swayze plays an NYU philosophy grad (!) who becomes a nationally-recognized bouncer (!!).This delirious camp classic features several over-the-top fight scenes; in this one, Swayze is joined by Sam Elliot (who’s sort of a Scottie Pippen to Swayze’s Michael Jordan in the bouncer game), and together, they tangle with the goons of the town’s evil plutocrat (Ben Gazzara) while the late, great Jeff Healy rocks out.19.&nbsp;From Russia With Love (1964)  95%Sean Connery vs. Robert ShawThe James Bond movies have no shortage of memorable throwdowns (like this visceral battle on a stairwell in Casino Royale). One of the finest examples of 007’s superior hand skills is on display in this gritty, down-and-dirty fight from From Russia with Love. After setting off a smokescreen, Bond lays a hurting on SPECTRE assassin Red Grant in the closed quarters of a train cabin; the result is as vicious as anything in the Connery Bond films.18.&nbsp;Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)  80%Colin Firth vs. Hugh GrantThough it’s one of the quintessential chick flicks of the last decade, Bridget Jones’s Diary takes time out from its titular character’s battles with her own self-esteem to feature a pretty brutal fight between two of her suitors. Colin Firth and Hugh Grant each land some devastating blows and kicks to the gut before soaring through a pane of glass. In addition, it’s almost certainly the greatest fight scene to feature “It’s Raining Men” on the soundtrack.17.&nbsp;2 Days in the Valley (1996)  59%Charlize Theron vs. Teri HatcherOnce Pulp Fiction hit, dozens of moderately budgeted, labyrinthine-plotted thrillers filled multiplexes, doing what they could to stand out. 2 Days in the Valley sets itself apart in a number of ways, not least of which is a hotel room-destroying donnybrook between Teri Hatcher and Charlize Theron. After trading some serious disses, our heroines trade punches and kicks, breaking a lot of glass in the process.16.&nbsp;The Karate Kid (1984)  89%Ralph Macchio&nbsp;vs. William ZabkaRepeat after me: “You’re the best/around/ nothin’s ever gonna keep you dowwwwnn!” The climactic fight in The Karate Kid may not feature the hyperkinetic athleticism of others on this list, but it’s one of the most iconic battles of 1980s cinema, as Daniel LaRusso finally overcomes those leg-sweeping Kobra Kai baddies who’ve been tormenting him. It also features some of the best dialogue ever, most notably, “Put him in a bodybag! YEEAAAHHH!”15.&nbsp;Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn (1987)  95%Bruce Campbell vs. his own right handWe’re not sure if Bruce Campbell is religious, but his character should have heeded these words from the Gospel of Matthew: “If thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee.” In a scene that brings new meaning to the term mano a mano, Campbell receives a thorough thrashing from his own possessed hand; his solution to this bizarre problem results in the kind of perverse hilarity fans of the Evil Dead series have come to treasure.14.&nbsp;Night and the City (1950)  79%Gegorius the Great vs. The StranglerWhen Jules Dassin‘s classic noir Night and the City was first released, venerable New York Times scribe Bosley Crowther described it thusly: “If any more cruel, repulsive picture of human brutishness than this is ever screened, this writer has no desire to see it.” He was referring to this, a savage wrestling match between an aging Greco-Roman master and a thuggish upstart. Two-bit hustler Harry Fabian (Richard Widmark) hopes to make a killing in the wrestling business, but his dreams slip away when two of the fighters duke it out behind closed doors out of mutual animosity. It’s coldly, heartlessly rendered scene, so tense and bone-rattling that subsequent decades haven’t dulled its impact.13.&nbsp;Happy Gilmore (1996)  61%Adam Sandler&nbsp;vs.&nbsp;Bob BarkerAdam Sandler has spent his career playing characters consumed by volcanic rage. In Happy Gilmore, Sandler is in rare form as an ex-hockey-enforcer-turned-pro-golfer, dispensing towering drives and brutal beatdowns with equal enthusiasm. In one of the most gloriously stoopid fights in recent cinema, The Price is Right host Bob Barker goads our hero into a brawl at a celebrity pro/am tournament by talking trash about his golf game — and proceeds to lay the smack down on the hapless Happy.12.&nbsp;Game of Death (1978)  46%Bruce Lee vs. Kareem Abdul-JabbarIn Bruce Lee‘s ill-fated final film, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar demonstrated his abilities extended far beyond the sky hook. “Extend” is the operative word here; as the sunlight-averse Hakim, Abdul-Jabbar has a distinct reach advantage on the diminutive action legend. Fortunately for Lee, he’s got an arsenal of moves at his disposal. It’s an eerie, hypnotic duel, and one of the quieter entries on this noisy list.11.&nbsp;Charlie's Angels (2000)  68%The Angels vs. Crispin GloverAs George McFly in Back to the Future, Crispin Glover proved he could go toe-to-toe with almost anyone when he felled Biff with some well-placed blows to the jaw. But he’s no match for Cameron Diaz, Lucy Liu, and Drew Barrymore, who, after dodging swords and bullets, use some innovative teamwork to merge into one mean crime-fighting machine. This hyper-stylized brawl has a kicky (pun intended), gravity-defying energy courtesy of legendary fight choreographer Yuen Woo Ping.10.&nbsp;The Bourne Ultimatum (2007)  92%Bourne vs. DeshHow did Jason Bourne obtain his sick fighting skills? It’s one of the questions that torments our hero throughout the Bourne series. However, one thing’s for sure: however he got them, he sure knows how to employ them. Bourne’s hand-to-hand proclivities are perhaps best showcased in The Bourne Ultimatum, as J.B. jumps off a roof through a window to throw down with the guy sent to kill him; he then proceeds to demonstrate a new definition of&nbsp;“book smart” and a nifty trick with a hand towel.9.&nbsp;The Transporter (2002)  54%Jason Staham vs. everybody in the bus depotIt’s the age-old complaint of action-phobes: “Why do the bad guys just stand around while the hero wrecks shop? Why don’t they all go at him at once?” In the case of The Transporter, a score of goons try just that — and it still doesn’t work! Trapped in a bus depot, the ever-enterprising Jason Statham uses just about everything at his disposal, from barrels of oil to the bad guys themselves. He even displays how a long-sleeve shirt can be used to keep multiple attackers at bay.8.&nbsp;Snatch (2001)  73%Brad Pitt vs. Elwin “Chopper” DavidForget Fight Club — Snatch features Brad Pitt‘s onscreen pugilistic pinnacle. Pitt plays the thickly-brogued bare-knuckle brawler Mickey O’Neil, a knockout artist so skilled — and so undisciplined — that he can’t bring himself to throw a fight, even with fortunes and lives on the line. Director Guy Ritchie‘s stylistic trademarks — super slow-mo, gonzo sound effects, a thumping soundtrack — are all on display, as O’Neil absorbs a staggering amount of punishment before landing the final blow.7.&nbsp;They Live (1988)  85%“Rowdy” Roddy Piper vs. Keith DavidIn They Live, “Rowdy” Roddy Piper and Keith David beat the stuffing out of each other for five minutes. We’re talking suplexes, head-butts, knees to the groin; in other words, the works. Why, you ask? Well, Piper wants David to wear a pair of sunglasses that will help him understand the truth about an alien conspiracy to destroy humanity. You see, these guys are friends. I mean, if the stakes were that high, you’d resort to such extreme measures too, right? What are friends for?6.&nbsp;Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981)  95%Indiana Jones vs. the big, bald NaziTry as he might, Indiana Jones can’t seem to avoid engaging in fracases on or near moving vehicles. In The Last Crusade, he dispatched multiple villains on a careening tank, and in this imbroglio from Raiders of the Lost Ark, he has to dodge both flying fists and merciless propellers. Indy just wants to fly to safety, but he’s coaxed into battle by a much larger opponent; the result is probably the most memorable fight from the Indiana Jones series. Plus, who doesn’t love seeing some Nazis get their just desserts?5.&nbsp;Fist of Legend (Jing wu ying xiong) (1994)  100%Jet Li vs. Billy ChowLong before Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (a project he turned down), wushu master Jet Li was making historical martial arts films that were epic in scope and dazzling in their fight choreography. While Hero and the Once Upon a Time in China series established Li as a global star, aficionados point to Fist of Legend as his finest effort. A loose remake of Bruce Lee‘s legendary Fists of Fury, Legend finds Li embarking on a mission to avenge the death of his master amidst the turbulent times of the second Sino-Japanese War. The final battle in Fist of Legend features some of the most amazing flying kicks, lightning-fast punches, and statue and bench destruction ever committed to film (heck, even Jet’s slaps are potent).4.&nbsp;The Legend of Drunken Master (Jui kuen II) (Drunken Fist II) (1994)  84%Jackie Chan vs. Ken LoCombining unimpeachable martial arts technique with the slapstick comedy and death-defying stuntwork of silent clown Buster Keaton, Jackie Chan changed the face of action cinema. Chan’s filmography is rich with potent fight scenes, but the final battle in The Legend of Drunken Master may be his apex. As a master of “drunken boxing” — so named because inebriation helps loosen the body and lessen pain — Chan attempts to thwart the smuggling of priceless artifacts out of China. It all culminates in a climactic battle royale in a steel factory — a sequence of astonishing dexterity and grace that combines full tilt punches and kicks with maniacal physical comedy.3.&nbsp;The Matrix (1999)  88%Neo vs. Agent SmithTechnically influential and viscerally exhilarating, The Matrix‘s subway fight raised the bar for action cinema — and convinced a bunch of people to run out and buy DVD players. With its time-freezing camera effects and Hong Kong-derived fight choreography (courtesy of master Yuen Woo Ping), this duel between Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving brought the movie’s philosophical, what-is-reality musings to a full tilt climax.2.&nbsp;The Protector (Tom yum goong) (Warrior King) (2005)  53%Tony Jaa vs. everybodyAs an attempt to sell Tony Jaa to American audiences, The Protector didn’t quite pan out. But it contains a scene of such crazed genius and technical mastery that it warrants the #2 spot on this list. As Jaa ascends the circular staircase of a hotel, he brings the pain to scores of opponents, twisting arms, breaking glass, and throwing people off balconies. It’s all captured in a stunning five-minute tracking shot (it’s the Russian Ark of action sequences) that seems like it’s getting winded just keeping up.1.&nbsp;Rocky (1976)  92%Rocky Balboa vs. Apollo CreedHere it is — the most influential and iconic bout in the history of Hollywood. Rocky’s battle with Apollo Creed has been reworked in countless ways across numerous genres; it’s evoked in virtually every scrappy-underdog tale. However, none have been quite able to match the original for spine-tingling tension. Even its over-familiarity (it plays on Jumbotrons in sports arenas virtually every night) hasn’t dulled its impact; in addition to being breathlessly exciting and dramatically potent, it doesn’t end quite the way you’d expect.","section":"Total Recall","tags":"documentaries, aapi, VICE, psycho, MTV, actors, Awards, Amazon, parents, drama","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"total-recall-the-20-greatest-fights-scenes-ever"},{"id":"47509074799942","title":"White House Down:  Channing &amp; Grae Make a Bet","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})White House Down: Channing &amp; Grae Make a Betby Grae Drake | June 26, 2013 |  CommentsBONUS FOOTAGE: Discussing Jamie Foxx and Channing Tatum’s highest Tomatometer scores got the pair so worked up, Channing Tatum entered into a gentleman’s wager with Grae Drake on the score for White House Down. Stay tuned to the Tomatometer to find out the winner.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"The, movies, scene","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"white-house-down-channing-and-grae-make-a-bet"},{"id":"47509043080251","title":"Video: Ian McKellen Discusses Mr. Holmes","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Ian McKellen Discusses Mr. Holmesby Grae Drake | July 22, 2015 |  CommentsSir Ian McKellen sat down to discuss the ever-further blurring line between fiction and reality, as it pertains to the mythology of Sherlock Holmes.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Trek, Sabrina, Universe, Day, rotten, American, Month, rings","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Ian-McKellen-Mr-Holmes.jpg","slug":"video-ian-mckellen-discusses-mr-holmes"},{"id":"47613948746539","title":"Who Should The Aliens Fight Next?","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Who Should The Aliens Fight Next?by Alex Vo | May 15, 2017 |  CommentsWe bet those pesky xenomorphs are getting smug now that their last two movies, Prometheus and Alien: Covenant, have gone Certified Fresh.Enough with the space jockeys, unqualified cartographers, and people who run in straight lines: How about terrorizing someone who can put up a real fight? Vote on our 10 suggestions below or leave your dream Alien deathmatch in the comments!","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"thriller, dceu, women, television, Winter, boxing, quibi, Paramount, caribbean, TV, superman, CW","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"who-should-the-aliens-fight-next"},{"id":"47508941834429","title":"Summer Movie Scorecard 2016","content":"Summer&nbsp;Movie Scorecard 2016As August passes, we’ve now completed ranking every major movie (releases that hit 600+ theaters and/or with 80+ critic reviews) by Tomatometer&nbsp;since the start of May, concluding another summer blockbuster season. The “blockbuster” this year, though, carried a more ominous weight, with a drumline of sequels and remakes bombing critically and commercially on a weekly basis. Only two movies in the scorecard’s top 10 this year dominated global attention spans (Captain America: Civil War, Finding Dory), with the rest featuring works from auteurs typically reserved for awards season, like Whit Stillman’s Love &amp; Friendship or Shane Black’s The Nice Guys.&nbsp;Start Countdown","section":"Scorecards","tags":"TV, CMT, Sony, remakes, psycho, History, killer, Grant, SundanceTV, TV, OneApp, Rocketman, blockbusters","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/08102637/summer-movie-scorecard.jpg","slug":"summer-movie-scorecard-2016"},{"id":"47509039716382","title":"Video: Jack Black on What Gives Him Goosebumps","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jack Black on What Gives Him Goosebumpsby Grae Drake | October 12, 2015 |  CommentsRT’s resident garden gnome, Grae Drake, talked with the stars of Goosebumps&nbsp; (Jack Black, Ryan Lee, Odeya Rush, Dylan Minnette, and Slappy T. Dummy, of course) about what horrors they would like to bury away in a book forever, and what they wouldn’t want to find lurking in their house at night — including Grae herself!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"venice, die, Lucasfilm, First, LGBTQ, police, globe, movies, SDCC, TCA, independent, Films","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Goosebumps-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-jack-black-on-what-gives-him-goosebumps"},{"id":"47613499478617","title":"Watch the First 6 Mins of \"The Edukators\"","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Watch the First 6 Mins of \"The Edukators\"by RT Staff | July 18, 2005 |  CommentsThe first six minutes of \"The Edukators\" is up on Rotten Tomatoes. An import from Germany, the film tells a story of love and anarchy.A young woman named Julie moves in with her boyfriend, who, with a friend is part of \"The Edukators,\" a team who perform acts of vandalism on the property of local yacht owners. Julie has secrets of her own, as she has been blackmailed for some time. The movie stars Daniel Bruhl, who is best known on this side of the pond for his performances in \"Ladies in Lavender\" and Good Bye Lenin!Check out the first six minutes of the movie here.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"cats, universal, york, Now, Valentine's, TBS","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"watch-the-first-6-mins-of-the-edukators"},{"id":"47509062774997","title":"Video: Old Timey Racism with Seth MacFarlane","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Old Timey Racism with Seth MacFarlaneby Grae Drake | June 2, 2014 |  CommentsThere are A Million Ways to Die in the West, as it turns out. Seth MacFarlane, Sarah Silverman, and Giovanni Ribisi talk about nice guys and old-timey songs.&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"media, Disney, science, Emmy, high, Anna, Comics, bad, E!, TV, Sneak, women, Hulu","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-old-timey-racism-with-seth-macfarlane"},{"id":"47614349564907","title":"Raised By Wolves First Reviews: Ridley Scott’s New Sci-Fi Series Is ‘Fascinating’ but ‘Inconsistent,’ Critics Say","content":"Newsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Raised By Wolves First Reviews: Ridley Scott's New Sci-Fi Series Is 'Fascinating' but 'Inconsistent,' Critics SayThe series offers all of the android goodness and dystopian world-building you'd expect from Scott, but clunky character development and the slow-burn narrative may be a hard sell for some viewers.by Aaron Pruner | August 28, 2020 |  CommentsDo androids dream of having kids? That seems to be at least one of the questions that Raised By Wolves, the new Ridley Scott–executive produced series&nbsp;coming&nbsp;to HBO Max in September, is asking. Created by Aaron Guzikowski&nbsp;(the writer of Denis Villeneuve’s&nbsp;Prisoners) and starring&nbsp;Amanda Collin and Abubakar Salim as Mother and Father (the main robots in question), the show takes viewers to a distant planet&nbsp;in the far-off future where a new synthetic-led human civilization is in the making.Mother and Father try to live a solitary life, cultivating an atheistic society, but the threat of humanity&nbsp;and its theology, looms nearby. The Mithraic is the perceived enemy and this neo-puritanical religious space army might be all that’s left of Earth’s population.&nbsp;Vikings alum Travis Fimmel is at the center of this plot, and it’d be easy to&nbsp;identify his character, Marcus, as the villain.&nbsp;But Raised By Wolves&nbsp;subverts expectations, leaving the viewer&nbsp;to question which side of this&nbsp;struggle is worth rooting for: the well-intentioned, yet thoroughly lethal robot parents or the possibly misguided human&nbsp;zealots looking for a new planet to call home?As he did with the likes of&nbsp;Blade Runner and Alien, Scott puts his signature sci-fi world-building skills to use here and directs the show’s first two episodes. But is the HBO Max series a hit? Here’s what critics are saying about Raised By Wolves.AMANDA COLLIN’S MOTHER STEALS THE SHOW(Photo by Coco Van Oppens/HBO Max)Collin approaches her role as Mother in a unique way that equals Alicia Vikander’s role in EX MACHINA and Rutger Hauer’s in BLADE RUNNER. Mother is an android with warrior-like skills and abilities that make her a powerful weapon. She alone can rival the entirety of the Mithraic faction and yet she shows a lot of vulnerability as she protects not only her son Campion (Winta McGrath) but several other children as well. — Alex Maidy, JoBlo’s Movie NetworkMother is a fearsome figure, and Collin plays her with tightrope terror: She’s a new god, an anxious mom, or maybe just a broken appliance stumbling toward obsolescence. — Darren Franich, Entertainment WeeklyTHE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT NEEDS IMPROVEMENT(Photo by Coco Van Oppens/HBO Max)When Mother and Father do things that make no particular internal sense, you can at least excuse it with, “They’re androids and they’re weird.” It’s less easy to pass off how consistently inconsistent and weakly developed every other character in the series is. As much as I appreciate Guzikowski’s willingness not to overly explain the Mithraic religion or the dystopian world that led to humanity fleeing Earth, it’s astonishing how dull Marcus, Sue and everybody else on the ark are. — Daniel Fienberg, Hollywood ReporterAs with most aspects of “Raised by Wolves,” these characters are too derivative to compel, and extraordinarily frustrating from a show that purports itself a true novelty. A show that can’t find more uses for women than “wife” and “mother” isn’t one that’s thinking even halfway outside the box, let alone lightyears beyond our earthly orbit. — Caroline Framke, VarietyTHE SCIENCE VS. RELIGION THEME IS A BIT POLARIZINGAaron PrunerThe conflict between rationality and religion is sometimes presented in overly simplistic terms, and Guzikowski hedges his bets by using the fictional Mithraic religion (named for a Roman mystery religion) rather than an existing faith tradition, which makes the show’s philosophical debates a bit toothless. — Josh Bell, CBRThe Mithraics are portrayed as warmongers who set out to crush atheists in the name of Sol, their god, and are essentially holy crusaders from space, right down to their knightly armor. Their faith is cultish and infectious, presenting discussions about religion’s place in humanity, and though they espouse virtuous living, they contradict their beliefs with self-preservation and violence — Tim Surette, TV GuideIT’S THE TYPE OF OPERATIC SCI-FI RIDLEY SCOTT FANS WILL LOVERaised by Wolves is sci-fi television of a rare breed. While premium cable and streaming services have been raising the bar in the genre for years, Raised by Wolves leaps ahead in craft, scale, and vision. Its novelistic storytelling and slow-burn pacing ask much of its audience, but it offers rewards in kind. For those willing to engage, Raised by Wolves is a stunning work of operatic science fiction that will linger in your mind well after the credits of each episode roll. — Jamie Lovett, ComicBook.comReplicants, Synthetics &amp; Androids – oh my! After Blade Runner &amp; Alien, Ridley Scott again visits the world of artificial life, with equally fascinating and thrilling results. — Grace Randolph, Beyond the TrailerFINAL THOUGHTS?Watching “Raised by Wolves,” you feel a certain gratitude that someone can still make sci-fi projects like this, that creatives can keep tinkering with our thoughts of the future while reflecting modern themes back at us. — Nick Allen, RogerEbert.comIt’s a show that throws concept after concept at the wall, though in Scott’s seasoned hands, the vast majority of them stick, setting the stage for one of the most interesting sci-fi shows in years…To put it simply, Raised By Wolves is peak Ridley Scott. — Siddhant Adlakha, IGN MoviesHands down the most thrilling original sci-fi show in more than a decade. — Meghan O’Keefe, Decider","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"aapi, laika, shows, El, Brie, concert, Quiz, movie, watch, Fox, trailers, Netflix, Film, E!, Esquire","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"raised-by-wolves-first-reviews"},{"id":"47614362343409","title":"\"Batman Begins\" Sequel: New Title (And Joker Casting Confirmation!)","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})\"Batman Begins\" Sequel: New Title (And Joker Casting Confirmation!)by Jen Yamato | July 31, 2006 |  CommentsWe’ve just heard big news on the \"Batman Begins\" sequel front, and it includes confirmation of the director, casting of the Joker, and the new title for the next \"Batman Begins\" installment!Warner Bros. has confirmed to RT that the already-announced 2008 \"Batman Begins\" sequel will again be directed by Christopher Nolan, and that Christian Bale‘s Bruce Wayne will face off against none other than Heath Ledger as The Joker. That’s right, after a few weeks of speculation, we can say for sure now that Ledger (\"Brokeback Mountain,\" \"Casanova\") can add maniacal clown-faced psychopath to his IMDB portfolio!As if it couldn’t get any more exciting, there’s also a new title: \"The Dark Knight\"!Watch out for the onslaught of \"BrokeBat\" jokesExpected to return are \"Batman Begins\" stars Bale (duh), Michael Caine as Bruce Wayne’s loyal butler Alfred, Morgan Freeman as gadget guy Lucius Fox, and Gary Oldman as the young (future) Commisioner Gordon.Jonathan Nolan (Christopher’s bro) is on script duty, which he also shared with Chris on the upcoming Christian Bale–Hugh Jackman starrer, \"The Prestige.\" Jonathan also wrote the short story that his bro turned into the hit thriller \"Memento,\" if that gives you any idea of what we can look forward to.\"Batman Begins\"From the official release:\"\"Chris’ unique vision is what made \"Batman Begins\" such an outstanding film and we could not imagine anyone else at the helm of \"The Dark Knight,\" said [Warner Bros. President of Production Jeff] Robinov. \"We also can’t wait to see two such formidable actors as Christian and Heath face off with each other as Batman and The Joker.\"\"I’m excited to continue the story we started with \"Batman Begins,\" added Nolan. \"Our challenge in casting The Joker was to find an actor who is not just extraordinarily talented but fearless. Watching Heath Ledger’s interpretation of this iconic character taking on Christian Bale’s Batman is going to be incredible.\"Production is set to begin on \"The Dark Knight\" in early 2007.\"","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Teen, streaming, TV+, league, Us","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"batman-begins-sequel-new-title-and-joker-casting-confirmation"},{"id":"47509047779438","title":"Conversations With 2015 Oscar Nominees","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Conversations With 2015 Oscar Nomineesby RT Staff | January 20, 2015 |  CommentsThe Oscar nominees were announced last Thursday, and we here at Rotten Tomatoes have been pretty fortunate to sit down and chat with a whole lot of them. If you’re still unsure who to root for in the Best Picture race, or you’d just like a little more info on the films being honored on February 22, check out our various interviews with the casts and filmmakers of Selma, The Theory of Everything, Nightcrawler, American Sniper, The Hobbit, and more.&nbsp;Watch more video interviews&nbsp;","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Acorn, color, Paramount, cars, TV, cancelled, nightmare, rotten, marvel","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/angelina-jolie3.jpg","slug":"conversations-with-2015-oscar-nominees"},{"id":"47508827914363","title":"Michelle Rodriguez’s Five Favorite Films","content":"Five Favorite Filmsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Michelle Rodriguez's Five Favorite FilmsThe Star of Milton's Secret Discusses the Vilification of Women in Family Films and How Kubrick Converts Each of His Senses into Celluloid.by Kerr Lordygan | September 29, 2016 |  CommentsPhoto by: Joshua Blanchard / Stringer / Getty ImagesMichelle Rodriguez&nbsp;of The Fast and the Furious, Lost, and Avatar&nbsp;fame is a busy woman, riding off the excitement of &nbsp;(Re) Assignment at the Toronto International Film Festival while preparing for tomorrow’s release of her latest drama,&nbsp;Milton’s Secret. As an action-drama star, Rodriguez herself is&nbsp;a fan of films that entice the senses, as we found out when we got to ask her about her Five Favorite Films. See the list here:A Clockwork Orange (1971)  86%Stanley [Kubrick] has an innate ability to… &nbsp;Whatever he’s doing metaphorically with a concept, he can transfer that to all the senses. I feel he does the same tone visually that he’s doing phonetically — that you can actually hear. He does it with all his senses. With Clockwork, he just went to town.Interstellar (2014)  72%Such a hard stance to take something really complex, turn it into a metaphor, and translate it with light and sound in two hours . [Christopher Nolan]’s just so damned good. I was dancing around the room all, “No he didn’t!” when I saw that movie [laughing].West Side Story (1961)  91%This one is stupid but it’s not. Those [directors], man. What [they] did with color, it’s almost like color didn’t exist before [that]. Color was around a couple years, but that darn movie made it pop. They dance with it. They danced with sound, danced with music, danced with the metaphors of the theme of the movie. I like when it all comes together, and they did a great job with that. Magical.Pulp Fiction (1994)  92%Just because Quentin [Tarantino] did such an amazing job. I mean, he’s just so gangster, he’s so good at it. I can’t even explain it, you know. &nbsp;Everything all comes together, and when you can’t explain it,&nbsp;it’s like, “Wait, what happened?”Maleficent (2014)  54%The metaphor, man. The fact that they would take this age old, vilified idea of a powerful woman and take away that dark mystique that’s been repeated throughout history and in such a mean way to all women. Like, anytime you see in cartoons, in movies, anything from, like, the ’50s, the ’40s, you would see this dark bitter woman. And you would see her explored in a way where she always represented evil, but never with a sense of justified evil. Rewrote the history books on the vilification of a powerful woman. I thought that was really, really powerful for Disney to do that. It’s like taking an old metaphor that’s been repeated for so many years and putting it on its head. It makes you think twice when you look at a person that’s a “bad guy.” That‘s a powerful message for kids to not be judgmental.Milton’s Secret&nbsp;opens tomorrow in limited release.","section":"Five Favorite Films","tags":"Sematary, VOD, killer, miniseries, Reviews, CBS, anime, rom-coms, Chilling, james, fiction","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/28161739/rodrig-rep.jpg","slug":"michelle-rodriguez-five-favorite-films"},{"id":"47509065890036","title":"Video: Jeff Goldblum Gives the Best Birthday Gifts","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Jeff Goldblum Gives the Best Birthday Giftsby Grae Drake | March 5, 2014 |  CommentsWes Anderson’s The Grand Budapest Hotel boasts the usual all-star cast of phenomenal performers such as Jeff Goldblum, Willem DaFoe, Saoirse Ronan, Ralph Fiennes, and Tony Revolori. RT’s Mark Seman discusses just how far they’d go to protect their loved ones, how they got comic chops, and what birthday presents they’re giving each other. Goldblum’s answer might surprise you…&nbsp;&nbsp;Click here to watch more video interviews","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"YouTube, Arrangement, Emmys, archives, halloween, Year, camera, Book, technology, Grant, docuseries","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"video-jeff-goldblum-gives-the-best-birthday-gifts"},{"id":"47509034949613","title":"Video: Green Room Cast Name Their Punk Bands","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Green Room Cast Name Their Punk Bandsby Kerr Lordygan | April 20, 2016 |  CommentsRT Editor Kerr Lordygan hit the Viper Room to talk to Patrick Stewart and Anton Yelchin from Green Room, as well as director Jeremy Saulnier, about naming&nbsp;their punk bands. What did they come up with? Take a look!","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Prime, Exclusive, rt, Bros., golden, female, YouTube, Searchlight, Superheroe, Cartoon, aliens, indiana, History, school, Society","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/20164026/Green-Room-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-green-room-cast-name-their-punk-bands"},{"id":"47509033318373","title":"Video: Helena Bonham Carter Has a New Nickname","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Helena Bonham Carter Has a New Nicknameby Grae Drake | May 25, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake talked to Helena Bonham Carter,&nbsp;Mia Wasikowska, and director James Bobin from&nbsp;Alice Through the Looking Glass&nbsp;about Helena’s new nickname (and rap group), memorable falls, and who their never-ending teatime companion would be.(Grae’s hat by The Wee Hatter)","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"sequel","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/25114955/Alice-looking-glass-With-play.jpg","slug":"video-helena-bonham-carter-has-a-new-nickname"},{"id":"47509086398906","title":"Box Office Results: Hustlers‘ $33 Million Marks Jennifer Lopez’s Best Opening Weekend Ever","content":"Weekend Box Officevar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Box Office Results: Hustlers' $33 Million Marks Jennifer Lopez's Best Opening Weekend EverLorene Scafaria's crime drama defies expectations but can't beat Pennywise and It: Chapter 2 for the weekend of Sept. 13-15.by Erik Childress | September 15, 2019 |  CommentsFollowing through on good vibes from its premiere at the Toronto Film Festival last weekend, Lorene Scafaria’s Hustlers exceeded even the loftiest expectations for its debut. The numbers may not have been enough to take the top spot from Pennywise, but the film’s opening is an important win for STX Films.Queen&nbsp;of the Crop: Hustlers Pulls In $33.2 Million(Photo by STX)STX’s previous best opening weekend was Bad Moms back in July 2016, with A Bad Moms Christmas taking the company’s second spot. This year’s surprise success, The Upside, which grossed over $108 million, was also a top grosser for STX. Hustlers’ $33.2 million start is higher than the total domestic grosses of the company’s other 2019 releases, The Best of Enemies, UglyDolls, and Poms, as well as 14 of its other 23 releases.The 13th-highest opening ever in September shows some real potential for Hustlers if word-of-mouth grows on the 87%-approved stripper crime drama. Six of the 11 films to open this month between $29 million and $35 million have gone on to reach the $100 million mark (though two of them were the kid-friendly Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs films). Jennifer Lopez has never appeared in a live-action film to reach that milestone. Her highest-grossing films to date have been Maid in Manhattan ($94.01 million) and Monster-in-Law ($82.9 million). Hustlers is poised to already beat her third-best grosser (Anaconda’s $65.8 million) and any way you slice it, the $20 million production is likely to be STX’s biggest success ever after Bad Moms&nbsp;— and its second with Lopez after last December’s Second Act grossed more than $72 million globally on just a $16 million budget.Rotten Returns:&nbsp;The Goldfinch DisappointsAs prestige projects go, always beware the ones released in late August and early September. Case in point: Warner Bros.’ The Goldfinch. Technically in award season and even given a premiere at the Toronto Film Festival last week, John Crowley’s two-and-a-half-hour film has been poorly received by critics (24%) and now even moreso by audiences. A $2.64 million opening weekend is a disaster for the $45 million production, though hardly the first for the studio this year. Godzilla: King of the Monsters, The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part, and The Kitchen have all registered losses of more than $45 million each, and now The Goldfinch looks to be joining them. By the end of its run it should be the lowest-grossing wide release Warner Bros. has released in September since 2005’s disaster A Sound of Thunder, which cost $80 million and grossed just $1.9 million domestically and $11.6 million worldwide.The Top 10 and Beyond(Photo by Brooke Palmer/© 2019 WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT INC.)It – the first one – dropped 51.3 percent in its second week, grossing more than $60 million. It: Chapter Two, already well behind the pace of the first, dropped 55 percent to $40.7 million this weekend. That means it is starting to fall behind the pace of Doctor Strange, which made $42.9 million in its second weekend, but remains still ahead of Logan, which grossed $38.1 million in weekend two. Both of those films had $152.9 million after ten days while It: Chapter Two has $153.8 million. That puts its current final estimate between $226-232 million, potentially a full $100 million less than the first chapter. Its worldwide total stands at $323 million and is already well into profit.Running down some of the big winners in the top ten we find that The Lion King has passed $1.61 billion worldwide and Hobbs &amp; Shaw is over $740 million, still nearly a half-billion less than The Fate of the Furious. Universal also has a bonafide hit with Good Boys despite still hoping to cross the $100 million mark globally. Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is in about the same boat as Good Boys, with $91 million worldwide, and is a hit for Lionsgate. As is Angel Has Fallen, which hasn’t started its global run yet, but is at more than $60 million domestic and even an average total overseas will put it into the black.Roadside’s The Peanut Butter Falcon passed $15 million this weekend, making it the seventh-highest-grossing film in the company’s history. A film that was hoping to replicate that success was Amazon’s Brittany Runs a Marathon, which finally entered wide release this weekend. But the company may have waited too long: Expanding into 757 theaters in its fifth week netted the film $1.55 million, which may look comparable to Moonlight moving from 176 to 650 theaters in week five and earning $1.48 million, but that film still had an entire award season in front of it. Last award season Amazon moved Beautiful Boy from 540 to 776 theaters in the same period and it earned $1.45 million. Brittany is ahead of that film’s pace with $3.8 million to date and may indeed pass it to become the company’s second-highest grossing film after this summer’s Late Night.This Time Last YearShane Black’s attempted reboot of The Predator took the top spot at the box office with $24.6 million. It would eventually be outgrossed by the week’s third-place finisher, A Simple Favor, which started with $16 million and finished with $53.4 million, the second-best multiple of last September (3.34) for a wide release. The Nun fell a whopping 66.1 percent to second place with $18.2 million. Other new openers included White Boy Rick, which started in fourth with $8.86 million, and the continued story of Louis Zamperini in Unbroken: Path to Redemption, which opened in tenth to just $2.23 million. The top ten films grossed $94 million and averaged 57.8% on the Tomatometer. This year’s top ten grossed an estimated $98.09 million (the 12th-best September top ten ever) and averaged 64.3% with critics.On the Vine:&nbsp;Space, Home, and Downton AbbeyThree vastly different films are looking for audience attention next week. The one original title is Brad Pitt’s sci-fi adventure Ad Astra, which looks to become the highest-grossing film of director James Gray’s career. But will it be enough to cover the more than $80 million budget of the film originally supposed to open in May? Then John Rambo is back in Rambo: Last Blood, as the character returns to the home from the end of Rambo (the fourth entry in Sylvester Stallone’s franchise.) This one is not being screened for critics so look for its Tomatometer score later than usual. Then there is the big-screen continuation of Downton Abbey. Will Focus be able to score its own hit from its legion of fans or will we see just how limited its die-hard base really is? The studio is releasing the film in more than 3,000 theaters.The Full Top 10: September 13–15It Chapter Two (2019)  62% – $40.73 million ($153.80 million totalHustlers (2019)  87% – $33.23 million ($33.23 million total)Angel Has Fallen (2019)  38% – $4.40 million ($60.38 million total)Good Boys (2019)  80%&nbsp;– $4.26 million ($73.31 million total)The Lion King (2019)  52% – $3.55 million ($533.99 million total)Fast &amp; Furious Presents: Hobbs &amp; Shaw (2019)  67% – $3.70 million ($168.31 million total)Overcomer (2019)  53% – $2.73 million ($28.98 million total)The Goldfinch (2019)  25% – $2.64 million ($2.64 million total)The Peanut Butter Falcon (2019)  94% –&nbsp;$1.92 million ($15.04 million total)Dora and the Lost City of Gold (2019)  85% – $1.85 million ($56.74 million total)Erik Childress can be heard each week evaluating box office on WGN Radio with Nick Digilio as well as on Business First AM with Angela Miles and his Movie Madness Podcast.[box office figures via Box Office Mojo]Like this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Weekend Box Office","tags":"Interview, movies, CBS","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/07092957/Hustlers-Featured.jpg","slug":"box-office-results-hustlers-33-million-marks-jennifer-lopezs-best-opening-weekend-ever"},{"id":"47509038117899","title":"Video: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler Read Teenage Love Notes","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler Read Teenage Love Notesby Grae Drake | December 17, 2015 |  CommentsThe stars of Sisters, Amy Poehler and Tina Fey, help Grae Drake take a trip down memory lane, by reading some of Grae’s&nbsp;middle school love notes, and revealing the best song for a junior high&nbsp;couple. Then, it’s a party at Ike Barinholtz’s house, as Maya Rudolph discusses the finer points of the Roger Rabbit dance. And then, Barinholtz shares his very best romantic moves with us.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Grant, History, globe, Pixar, television, CBS, TruTV, winner, documentaries, zombies, Comedy, Emmys, movies, war, Spring","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/17124112/Sisters-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-tina-fey-and-amy-poehler-read-teenage-love-notes"},{"id":"47613819518702","title":"Julie Taymor to Direct Musical","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Julie Taymor to Direct Musicalby RT Staff | February 4, 2005 |  CommentsJulie Taymor will direct the musical \"All You Need is Love\" from a Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais script for Revolution Studios, Variety reports. The story will focus on two star-crossed lovers in a 1960s London and will feature 18 Beatles songs. Taymore credits include in Selma Hayek-starrer \"Frida\" and \"Titus,\" with Anthony Hopkins. The pic is set for a Thanksgiving 2006 release.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"lee, FOX, Disney, VH1, halloween, Holiday, Turner","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"julie-taymor-to-direct-musical"},{"id":"47508929009731","title":"Vote Your Favorite Red Carpet Look With Charlize Theron, Michelle Rodriguez, and Jennifer Aniston","content":"Red Carpet Roundupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Vote Your Favorite Red Carpet Look With Charlize Theron, Michelle Rodriguez, and Jennifer Anistonby RT Staff | April 13, 2017 |  CommentsCharlize Theron, Michelle Rodriguez and more came out to celebrate the release of the eightieth&nbsp;Fast and Furious&nbsp;movie, just as the red carpet was laid out for plenty of other&nbsp;celebrity events around the world. Swipe left or right to vote on your favorite style this week!","section":"Red Carpet Roundup","tags":"toy, award, kong, canceled, Pixar, foreign, league, finale, Family, Video, Amazon, crime","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/13133223/600RCRFate.jpg","slug":"vote-your-favorite-red-carpet-look-with-charlize-theron-michelle-rodriguez-and-jennifer-aniston"},{"id":"47509007883025","title":"Tessa Thompson, Justin Theroux, and Canine Stars Monte and Rose Talk Recreating Lady and the Tramp‘s Most Famous Scene","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Tessa Thompson, Justin Theroux, and Canine Stars Monte and Rose Talk Recreating Lady and the Tramp's Most Famous ScenePlus, Thompson says she wants to team up with Brie Larson and Danai Gurira in the next phase of the MCU.by RT Staff | November 7, 2019 |  CommentsThe Mouse House’s streaming service Disney+ kicks off November 12 with a slew of hotly anticipated original series (The Mandalorian,&nbsp;High School Musical: The Musical: The Series) as well as some original films, the most exciting of which for many fans is its live-action remake of the 1955 animated classic&nbsp;Lady and the Tramp. Ahead of the movie’s release on Disney+, we sat down with four of its stars: Tessa Thompson and Justin Theroux, who provide the voices of lead romantic duo Lady and Tramp, as well as the canines who play those charming dogs on screen, Rose and Monte. (Yes, we interviewed the dogs). We asked the humans all the usual things – what they loved about the original film, whether we might see more of Thompson on Disney+ in a Valkyrie spin-off – and got into the serious stuff with Rose and Monte. Want to know how they&nbsp;really&nbsp;felt about recreating that famous spaghetti scene? Watch the interview above.Read Everything We Know About Disney+Lady and the Tramp&nbsp;is available on Disney+ November 12.&nbsp;#1Lady and the Tramp (2019) 66%#1Adjusted Score: 68.081% Critics Consensus: Lady and the Tramp's cute dogs and likable cast work-well enough, but the live-action update lacks some of the magic that made the original 1955 film such a delight.Synopsis: In Disney+'s \"Lady and the Tramp,\" a timeless retelling of the 1955 animated classic, a pampered house dog and a... [More]Starring: Tessa Thompson, Justin Theroux, Ashley Jensen, Sam ElliottDirected By: Charlie BeanLike this? Subscribe to our newsletter and get more features, news, and guides in your inbox every week.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"Black, Logo, theme, breaking, movies","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/07085631/pjimage-1.jpg","slug":"tessa-thompson-justin-theroux-and-canine-stars-monte-and-rose-talk-recreating-lady-and-the-tramps-most-famous-scene"},{"id":"47509034972146","title":"Video: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Cast Interviews","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Cast Interviewsby Grae Drake | March 23, 2016 |  CommentsRT Senior Editor Grae Drake&nbsp;talked to the cast of&nbsp;Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice&nbsp;(Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Laurence Fishburne, Gal Gadot, Jesse Eisenberg, Holly Hunter, Diane Lane, and director Zack Snyder) about who they would choose as President in a Batman v Superman election, and their preference on a variety of versus. Then we talked about body scans, not getting to drive the Batmobile, seeing Wonder Woman for the first time, and how Larry Fishburne became Laurence.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"lee, drama, Paramount, killer, Network, TV, witnail, Holidays, Oscars, Anna, LGBT","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/23150429/rep-batman-v-superman.jpg","slug":"video-batman-v-superman-dawn-of-justice"},{"id":"47509173433572","title":"George Miller Considering Anya Taylor-Joy for Mad Max Spinoff Furiosa, and More Movie News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})George Miller Considering Anya Taylor-Joy for Mad Max Spinoff Furiosa, and More Movie NewsMore details on Aquaman and Train to Busan spinoffs, Ryan Gosling returns to space, Neon invests in a Pig, and Alejandro González Iñárritu might be filming a secret movie.by Greg Dean Schmitz | March 27, 2020 |  CommentsThis Week’s Ketchup brings you&nbsp;seven headlines from the world of film development news, covering spinoffs or sequels following Aquaman, Before Sunrise, and Mad Max: Fury Road.This WEEK’S TOP STORYANYA TAYLOR-JOY MIGHT TAKE OVER AS&nbsp;FURIOSA IN FURY ROAD PREQUEL(Photo by Focus Features)Everyone has their own way to pass the time during their COVID-19-related quarantines, but apparently, George Miller is using this time to start looking for the new star of his prequel to the 2015 fan favorite Mad Max: Fury Road&nbsp;(Certified Fresh at 97%). Furiosa will reportedly depict what Charlize Theron’s character was doing years before meeting Mad Max, so Miller is looking for a younger actress for the role.&nbsp;To that end, Miller has “Skype-tested” (instead of “screen-tested”) a number of actresses, and the one name that was floated out this week was 23-year-old Anya Taylor-Joy, who first came to most people’s attention as the star of The Witch and Split, before more recently starring in Emma&nbsp;and the upcoming Marvel movie The New Mutants. George Miller hopes to start filming&nbsp;Furiosa sometime in 2021 after he wraps filming of his current project, Three Thousand Years of Longing, starring Idris Elba and Tilda Swinton.Other Top Headlines1.&nbsp;ALEJANDRO GONZÁLEZ IÑÁRRITU&nbsp;HAS APPARENTLY&nbsp;STARTED&nbsp;FILMING A SECRET&nbsp;PROJECT(Photo by Atsushi Nishijima/Fox Searchlight Pictures)This year marks the five-year anniversary of the release of Mexican director&nbsp;Alejandro González Iñárritu‘s&nbsp;The Revanant (Certified Fresh at 79%)&nbsp;in 2015, and we now know that Iñárritu has recently been spotted by various sources&nbsp;filming in Mexico City. Iñárritu and cinematographer Bradford Young (Arrival, Selma, Solo: A Star Wars Story) were spotted at locations like Chapultepec Castle doing what appeared to be camera tests&nbsp;using “’90s period clothing, cardboard cutouts of politicians Carlos Salinas de Gortari and José López Portillo, and pieces of the sets from enormously popular Mexican comedy show El Chavo del Ocho.” Those details might give us ideas about Iñárritu’s next film (something like Alfonso Cuaron’s Roma, perhaps?), or they could all just be completely random choices, potentially meant to throw people off.2.&nbsp;ETHAN HAWKE HINTS AT FOURTH FILM IN RICHARD LINKLATER’S&nbsp;BEFORE SERIES(Photo by Despina Spyrou/Sony Pictures Classics)Ever since his very first feature film, 1990’s Slacker (which arguably inspired aspects of the “mumblecore” genre), director Richard Linklater has shown an unusual willingness to experiment with production standards for someone who has also had mainstream success with movies like School of Rock. The most acclaimed example of this was 2014’s Boyhood, which was filmed over a dozen years (2001 to 2013) to depict the growth of a young boy into a young man. (Linklater is currently signed to direct an adaptation of Stephen Sondheim’s Merrily We Roll Along, which will also be filmed over several years.) Frequent Linklater collaborator Ethan Hawke revealed recently&nbsp;that a fourth film may still happen in the series that started with Before Sunrise&nbsp;(Certified Fresh at 100%) in 1995 and continued with Before Sunset (Certified Fresh at 95%)&nbsp;in 2004 and Before Midnight (Certified Fresh at 98%) in 2013. The hypothetical fourth film (again co-starring Julie Delpy, of course) could take many different forms, one of which would be filmed 20 years after Before Midnight,&nbsp;suggesting&nbsp;a release sometime in 2033.3. DISNEY’S LIVE-ACTION THE LITTLE MERMAID WILL FEATURE FOUR NEW SONGS(Photo by Walt Disney courtesy Everett Collection)One of the biggest productions that was recently shut down&nbsp;because of COVID-19&nbsp; just before filming was set to start was Disney’s The Little Mermaid, which was to have&nbsp;begun fimling in London last week. So it may be a while before we start seeing what performers like Halle Bailey (Ariel), Melissa McCarthy (Ursula), or Jonah Hauer-King (Prince Eric) look like in their respective costumes (or CGI characters). In the meantime, however, songwriter and composer Alan Menken talked to Rosie O’Donnell this week and revealed that he and Lin-Manuel Miranda have written four new songs for the live-action&nbsp;remake.&nbsp;This suggests that possibly some of the songs from the original film might either be left out or be shortened for the sake of a reasonably family-friendly runtime. Menken and Miranda are also currently working on songs for Disenchanted, the long-in-development sequel to Disney’s 2007 hit Enchanted (Certified Fresh at 93%).4. DETAILS ABOUT AQUAMAN HORROR SPINOFF THE TRENCH REVEALED(Photo by Warner Bros. Pictures)In late 2018 and early 2019, as Aquaman (Fresh at 66%) continued its box office success (ultimately earning $1.148 billion worldwide), a series of news stories broke about both Aquaman 2 (12/16/2022) and a spinoff monster movie called The Trench. Screenwriter David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick (who’s currently working on Aquman 2) was asked about The Trench&nbsp;this week, and his answer was that “theoretically, it takes place between 1 and 2. But some pieces of this are still being worked out.” The interesting thing about this is that The Trench is expected to be released after Aquaman 2, so this horror movie spinoff might end up feeling like a prequel to Aquaman 2 (or something). As for Aquaman 2 itself, Johnson-McGoldrick suggested that fans should read “pretty much any Silver Age story featuring Black Manta.” Watchmen star Yahya Abdul-Mateen II is expected to return as Black Manta in Aquaman 2.5. RYAN GOSLING RETURNING TO SPACE TO THROW THE HAIL MARY AND SAVE THE WORLD(Photo by Saeed Adyani/©Columbia Pictures courtesy Everett Collection)After a particularly prolific&nbsp;stint&nbsp;from 2010 to 2017,&nbsp;Ryan Gosling appears to be slowing his career down a bit, as it’s now been almost a year and a half since his last feature film, 2018’s First Man (Certifed Fresh at 86%). For his next project, Gosling might be returning to outer space, as he is now signed to produce and star&nbsp;in MGM’s adaptation of an upcoming sci-fi novel by author Andy Weir (The Martian). Ryan Gosling will play a solitary astronaut (not unlike&nbsp;The Martian) “on a spaceship who is tasked with saving the planet.” Random House will publish The Hail Mary&nbsp;sometime in the spring of 2021. Andy Weir’s novel Artemis is also being developed as a project the directing team of Phil Lord and Chris Miller (The LEGO Movie).6.&nbsp;TRAIN TO BUSAN SPINOFF&nbsp;PENINSULA WILL TAKE PLACE FOUR YEARS LATER(Photo by Well Go USA Entertainment)Since the 1990s, there has been a Korean New Wave&nbsp;in cinema that has slowly been appreciated more widely in the United States (Oldboy, Memories of Murder, Snowpiercer, The Handmaiden), which ultimately led this year to Parasite (Certified Fresh at 99%) winning four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director for Bong Joon-ho. Another South Korean film that has done well in the United States is the 2016 zombie movie Train to Busan (Certified Fresh at 93%), which, incidentally, you can currently watch on Netflix. The indie distributor Well Go USA acquired the U.S. rights in January to a spinoff variably called Peninsula or Train to Busan Presents: Peninsula. Well Go USA hasn’t announced a release date yet for the film,&nbsp;but&nbsp;revealed that the setting is four years after the events of Train to Busan, after “government authority has been decimated after the zombie outbreak of Korea, and there is nothing left except the geographical traits of the location – which is why the film is called Peninsula.” You can also see some early photos from Peninsula in this gallery at ComingSoon.7. JENNIFER HUDSON’S ARETHA FRANKLIN BIOPIC&nbsp;RESPECT&nbsp;TO GET AWARDS SEASON PUSH(Photo by Derek Storm/Everett Collection)Although the Aretha Franklin biopic Respect, starring Jennifer Hudson, has been developed and produced relatively quickly, a few different factors have prevented the film from its original release date this summer of August 14, 2020. The COVID-19 crisis is an obvious factor, and one has to figure that National Geographic’s choice to cast Cynthia Erivo as Franklin in the upcoming third season of Genius (covering Franklin after Albert Einstein and Pablo Picasso) was possibly also a reason for a date change. Setting those aside, MGM is saying that the “mind-blowing” dailies for the film have ultimately led the studio to reposition Respect as an awards season platform release starting on Christmas Day (12/25/2020), expanding a little more on 1/8/2021, and then going wide on January 15, 2021, which is also Martin Luther King Jr. Day weekend. This is probably not the last major change to the awards season slate, and it’s also one that may cause other films scheduled for December&nbsp;to be pushed to 2021. You can watch the first teaser trailer of Jennifer Hudson as Aretha Franklin right here.8.&nbsp;NEON PICKS UP&nbsp;NICOLAS CAGE REVENGE THRILLER ABOUT HIS KIDNAPPED PIG(Photo by Patti Perret/©Alchemy courtesy Everett Collection)The COVID-19 crisis is challenging everyone involved in film to change their lives and strategies, and that includes the smaller “indie” film distributors, some of which are not necessarily just jumping on the VOD bandwagon. Let’s start with Neon, which had a massive surprise Academy Awards success with Parasite this year. Neon has won a “heated bidding war” to acquire a revenge thriller called Pig in which Nicolas Cage plays a truffle hunter whose prize pig is kidnapped, prompting him to wreak vengeance on the perpetrators. (Basically, it sounds like John Wick in the forests of Oregon, but about a pig instead of a dog.) Neon does have a distribution deal with Hulu, but the company says Pig will be released in theaters. Neon also picked up the rights to the sci-fi thriller Possessor starring Andrea Riseborough (Mandy), Sean Bean (Ned Stark from Game of Thrones), and Jennifer Jason Leigh (The Hateful Eight). In related news, Searchlight Pictures won the rights to Olivia Wilde’s Perfect, about Olympic gymnast Kerri Strug, and STX won the rights to the psychological horror film&nbsp;A Head Full of Ghosts, starring Margaret Qualley (Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood).9.&nbsp;MICHAEL GIACCHINO AND BRAD BIRD ARE COLLABORATING ON A LIVE-ACTION MUSICAL(Photo by Priscilla Grant, Desiree Navarro/Everett Collection)Frequent Pixar director Brad Bird (The Incredibles, Ratatouille) has now also directed two live-action films (Tomorrowland, Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol), and he’s currently developing what might be his third. Although we don’t yet know a title or a premise, Bird announced in January that he’s currently developing a movie musical, and this week, frequent Pixar composer Michael Giacchino (Up, Coco, Inside Out) confirmed that he is indeed collaborating with Bird&nbsp;on exactly that. Giacchino didn’t reveal a premise for the live-action musical, saying only that “We are in the early stages of doing that, working on ‘Ok, what is this thing gonna be? What’s it going to sound like. Let’s come up with at least one idea we can start bouncing around and seeing how we feel about it.’ So that’s where we are. It is still early stages. But the idea is great, and, you know, it’s pure Brad Bird. It’s just really fun and emotional and exciting and silly – all those great things you expect from his movies. I am looking forward to that. I don’t know when it’s coming out… but yeah, we’re working on it.” Brad Bird has also said that the (mostly) live-action musical will also have “about 20 minutes of animation in it.”","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Marvel, hard, Guide, caribbean, Unbreakable, Diego, Guild, Nickelodeon, Nominations","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/27143939/Anya_Taylor-Joy-Furiosa-Ketchup_Rep.jpg","slug":"george-miller-considering-anya-taylor-joy-for-mad-max-spinoff-furiosa-and-more-movie-news"},{"id":"47508893199069","title":"Now Streaming: The Legend of Hercules and Labor Day","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: The Legend of Hercules and Labor DayPlus, a Palestinian import and a period drama.by RT Staff | April 15, 2014 |  CommentsThis week on streaming video, the biggest release we’ve got is an epic fantasy that pretty much bombed, but we’ve also got Jason Reitman’s latest drama, a Certified Fresh Palestinian import, and a period drama starring Ralph Fiennes and Felicity Jones. Read on for details:The Legend of Hercules 5%Kellan Lutz stars as the fabled hero, who must overcome exile, enslavement, and scary monsters before claiming the throne atop Mount Olympus.Available now on: Amazon, iTunes, VuduOmar 90%Omar is a thriller about a Palestinian man who’s coerced into informing on a friend.Available now on: iTunesThe Invisible Woman 74%Ralph Fiennes and Felicity Jones star in this period drama about the woman who became the object of Charles Dickens’ extramarital passion.Available now on: Amazon, iTunesLabor Day 35%Josh Brolin stars as Frank, a convicted killer who escapes from prison and takes Adele (Kate Winslet), a depressed single mother, hostage in her own home. Over a long weekend, Adele falls for Frank, who takes up a position as the man of the house.Available now on: Amazon, iTunes, Vudu","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"york, movies, Horror, PlayStation, marvel, Box, Reality","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"Now-Streaming-The-Legend-of-Hercules-and-Labor-Day"},{"id":"47509171697875","title":"Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Is Coming in 2022, and More News","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Is Coming in 2022, and More NewsPixar announces their next film, Tenet announces new date, Buzzfeed gets into the movie business, and new projects for Jordan Peele and Issa Rae, Amy Adams, and Seth Rogen.by Greg Dean Schmitz | July 31, 2020 |  CommentsThis Week’s Ketchup brings you more headlines from the world of film development news, covering such titles as Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Tenet, and Tom Cruise’s Space Project.This WEEK’S TOP STORYSONIC THE HEDGEHOG (AND PROBABLY TAILS, TOO) TO RETURN IN 2022(Photo by Paramount Pictures)We may have had to wait a few more months (from 11/15/2019 to 2/14/2020) for the character design to be redone on Sonic the Hedgehog&nbsp;(Fresh at 63%), but Paramount is apparently attempting to avoid too much of a wait for Sonic the Hedgehog 2. The studio has announced a release date of April 8, 2020 for the sequel,&nbsp;or just two years and two months after the first film, and that’s even after they already factored in the various delays right now because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The sequel does not have a premise yet, but the ending of Sonic the Hedgehog teased both the debut of Tails the fox, but also the villainous return of Jim Carrey as Dr. Robotnik (now looking even more like his video game character). Director Jeff Fowler will return for the sequel, working from a screenplay by Pat Casey and Josh Miller, who also both worked on the first film. Ben Schwartz is also expected to return as the voice of Sonic, and he may also again be joined by James Marsden and Tika Sumpter (though neither is confirmed yet). Release dates are obviously changing all the time, but other movies scheduled within a month of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 include Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (3/25/2022), The Matrix 4 (4/1/2022), and Black Panther II (5/6/2022).Other Top Headlines1. PIXAR TRAVELS TO ITALY IN 2021 FOR THE SEA MONSTER ADVENTURE LUCA(Photo by Disney/Pixar)Movie studios are increasingly planting “untitled” films on the release calendar&nbsp;these days,&nbsp;especially when the title in question is a new property and not a sequel, prequel, or remake. So, we’ve actually known for a while that Disney and Pixar were planning on releasing “something” next summer on June 18, 2021; we just didn’t know anything else beyond that. Normally, Disney and Pixar might have made a big announcement at San Diego Comic-Con, but that, of course, ended up being replaced by last week’s Comic-Con@Home, which had some big&nbsp;panels, but not as many as usual. Instead, we learned through other means (in this case, Collider) that Pixar’s next movie after Soul (11/20/2020) will be a fantasy adventure set in Italy called Luca. We&nbsp;also have this fairly lengthy premise: “Set in a beautiful seaside town on the Italian Riviera, the original animated feature is a coming-of-age story about one young boy experiencing an unforgettable summer filled with gelato, pasta and endless scooter rides. Luca shares these adventures with his newfound best friend, but all the fun is threatened by a deeply-held secret: he is a sea monster from another world just below the water’s surface.” Some writers are already comparing Luca to both&nbsp;Call Me By Your Name&nbsp;(thanks to the setting) and Guillermo del Toro’s The Shape of Water.2. JORDAN PEELE TEAMS UP WITH ISSA RAE FOR SCI-FI HORROR SINKHOLE(Photo by Priscilla Grant, MJP/Everett Collection)Ever since his breakout success in 2017 with Get Out (Certified Fresh at 98%), Jordan Peele has worn several hats (director, producer, and host) on a variety of horror, thriller, or related genre movies and shows, including Us (Certified Fresh at&nbsp; 93%), CBS All Access’s The Twilight Zone, HBO’s upcoming series Lovecraft Country, and this fall’s reboot of Candyman. We can now add another project to his upcoming filmography, as he will be producing a sci-fi horror film for Universal Pictures called Sinkhole, in which Issa Rae (The Lovebirds, HBO’s&nbsp;Insecure) will star. The premise revolves around a strange pit that appears in the backyard of what otherwise seems like a perfect home, with the added information that the original short story started as a writers group project with the theme, “I married a monster,” and that the story will “explore themes of female identity and perfection.”3. AMY ADAMS’ BIZARRE WERE-DOG DRAMA NIGHTBITCH(Photo by Jef Hernandez/Everett Collection)Plenty&nbsp;of werewolf movies have been made since the 1920s, and along the way, the concept has certainly veered into comedy, such as with Jon Landis’ An American Werewolf in London, Michael J. Fox’s Teen Wolf, and, one could reasonably argue, with Disney’s Shaggy D.A. franchise. Now, werewolves are frequently men, but Amy Adams is now attached to star in a film called Nightbitch which&nbsp;will team&nbsp;her up with the Annapurna production company, with which she has worked four times before (The Master, American Hustle, Her, and Vice).&nbsp;Nightbitch,&nbsp;which is not technically a werewolf movie, will star Adams as a “former artist who is thrust into stay-at-home domesticity after the birth of her son, who becomes increasingly worried that she may be turning into a dog.” (Some versions of this story suggest it is actually the baby that is turning into a dog, but the official premise of the source novel,&nbsp;which comes out next summer, is pretty clear.)4. CHRISTOPHER NOLAN’S TENET&nbsp;CHANGES RELEASE STRATEGY… AGAIN(Photo by Melinda Sue Gordon/©Warner Bros.)As the COVID-19 pandemic continues in the USA, movie theaters remain unsure about when they will be able to fully reopen. Last Friday, we heard that Warner Bros. was considering opening Tenet internationally first and then in the United States at a later point. That plan was confirmed on Monday when&nbsp;the studio released a press release that&nbsp;the film&nbsp;will be released in over 70 countries on August 26, 2020 before opening in the United States a week later, just in time for Labor Day weekend, but only in “select cities.” What’s unclear is whether that Labor Day release will also then lead to a wider release for Tenet, or if it will end up adding something like a VOD release in lieu of a wide release (which may not be fully possible in September if not enough theaters are open in the USA by then). Of course, this also means that American movie fans will have to endure at least a week of possible social media spoilers during which the rest of the world understands exactly what Tenet is about.5. TOM CRUISE’S SPACE PROJECT GETS $200 MILLION BUDGET AND MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE HELP(Photo by ©Universal Pictures)It probably was inevitable that someone would eventually want to make a big budget movie in outer space, but the when&nbsp;felt further away until recently. And if any movie star was going to attempt&nbsp;it (and do most of his own stunts), it was also probably obvious that it would be Tom Cruise. Just two months after we first found out about Cruise’s plans to film a movie in outer space, the news broke this week that a deal has been made with Universal Pictures to fund the project&nbsp;with an “atmospheric” budget of over $200 million. It had already been known that the film will be directed by Doug Liman (who worked with Cruise on Edge of Tomorrow, Certified Fresh at 91%), but another name that has&nbsp;joined the production is&nbsp;Christopher McQuarrie, Tom Cruise’s recent Mission: Impossible director (who’s preparing to film movies #7 and #8 soon). McQuarrie will serve as one of the film’s producers, and also contribute story ideas (a credit just shy of actually “writing” the screenplay). In related news, Top Gun: Maverick&nbsp;recently became just one of the many movies to have its 2020 release date delayed until next year (7/2/2021), which is almost two years after its original release date (July 12, 2019).6. BUZZFEED GETTING INTO MOVIES — #14 WILL SURPRISE YOU!(Photo by Nicholas Kamm/Getty Images)In the 2000s, the popular news satire website The Onion announced that they would be getting into the movie business, but all we got&nbsp;was the little-seen 2008 project&nbsp;The Onion Movie. In that same spirit, Buzzfeed is now apparently hoping to have better success with a cinematic endeavor, as they are now partnering with Lionsgate for a theatrical film slate. Although we haven’t gotten any specific examples of what a “Buzzfeed movie” might be exactly (documentary? drama? comedy? collection of cat videos?), the press release did say that the movies will be “aimed at millennial and Gen Z audiences,” so if you’re over the age of 40 or so, these movies apparently won’t be for you. Lionsgate and Buzzfeed expect to launch their first co-production sometime in 2021.7. COURTENEY COX WILL BE THERE FOR YOU (AGAIN), SCREAM 5 FANS(Photo by Dimension Films courtesy Everett Collection)When Neve Campbell was first announced in May to be in talks to return&nbsp;to the Scream franchise for Scream 5, this column predicted that&nbsp;we would soon hear about a few other returning cast members as well. That hunch was confirmed soon after with the news that David Arquette was returning as Deputy Dewey Riley, but it took another two months for Courteney Cox to be announced as returning as Gale Weathers. Scream 5 will be directed by the team of Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett (A.K.A. Radio Silence), who are currently best known for last summer’s horror comedy Ready or Not (Certified Fresh at 88%). So far, no new cast members have been announced, but presumably, that will soon change, and at this point, it’s all but expected that Neve Campbell’s return will be officially announced in the near future.8. SETH ROGEN PRODUCING PROJECT ABOUT SECRET HOLLYWOOD HUSTLER(Photo by Elizabeth Goodenough/Everett Collection)It’s not uncommon for&nbsp;directors, writers, or actors who first became famous for broad comedies to stretch out into more serious films. Recent examples of this include: Adam McKay (who went from Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy to The Big Short); Jay Roach (from Austin Powers to Recount and Game Change); and Peter Farrelly (from Dumb and Dumber to Green Book). Someone else who appears to be heading down a similar track is Seth Rogen, who is obviously best known for “stoner comedies” like Knocked Up, Pineapple Express, and This is the End. Rogen and his producing partner Evan Goldberg are partnering with director Luca Guadagnino (Call Me By Your Name) for an adaptation of the 2017 documentary Scotty and the Secret History of Hollywood (Certified Fresh at 86%). Guadagnino will direct the adaptation about the life of Scotty Bowers, a former U.S. Marine who had a second career during the golden age of Hollywood as a pimp and hustler for many within the secret world of the studios and actors, frequently using a Hollywood gas station as a cover location. Details of Scotty Bowers’ life also inspired the Netflix series Hollywood. It’s not yet known who will star in this film, but one has to guess that two possible candidates might be Channing Tatum (a friend of Seth Rogen) or Armie Hammer (who starred in Guadagnino’s Call Me By Your Name).9.&nbsp;FAMOUS ACTORS TO PERFORM INTO THEIR SMART PHONES FOR WITHIN/IN(Photo by NurPhoto/Getty Images)Before 2020, most of us had presumably gotten pretty used to slick filmmaking and TV production styles, and then the COVID-19 pandemic hit, and many TV shows essentially became very well publicized Zoom calls. It was probably inevitable, therefore, that there would eventually be a movie that was filmed in that style. Although Michael Bay is also producing a pandemic thriller called Songbird&nbsp;that may also look like it was filmed by the actors, the movie that sounds closest to that theme is called Within/In. The project is described as a “made-at-home anthology film revolving around themes of confinement and isolation.” Within/In will feature several established actors, including Julianne Moore, Don Cheadle, Chris Cooper, Rebecca Hall, Sanaa Lathan, Emily Mortimer, Alessandro Nivola, Rosie Perez, and Debra Winger. Since it’s an anthology film, we can expect there to be several individual stories, but since it’s also “made at home,” most of the actors also won’t appear onscreen together (at least not physically). Many of the actors (including Chris Cooper and Griffin Dunne) will also be taking directing credits as they’re basically directing themselves.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"history, shows, Box, ViacomCBS, spain, Guide, Country, Pictures, 2019, discovery, BET, Plus, Watching, directors, Seed","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/31185607/Sonic_the_Hedgehog-Ketchup_Rep.jpg","slug":"sonic-the-hedgehog-2-is-coming-in-2022-and-more-news"},{"id":"47509041558567","title":"Video: Chris Evans Plays a 12-Year Old Girl","content":"Video Interviewsvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Video: Chris Evans Plays a 12-Year Old Girlby Grae Drake | September 4, 2015 |  CommentsChris Evans, star and director of Before We Go, helped Grae through some childhood drama using his trusty time machine, and then talked about&nbsp;the pros and cons of filming in a NYC icon like Grand Central Station.","section":"Video Interviews","tags":"ABC, Christmas","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Before-We-Go-600x262-With-Play-Button.jpg","slug":"video-chris-evans-plays-a-12-year-old-girl"},{"id":"47509240404844","title":"The Weekly Ketchup: New Indiana Jones Title, Iron Man Trailer, and More!","content":"Weekly Ketchupvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})The Weekly Ketchup: New Indiana Jones Title, Iron Man Trailer, and More!Also, a serious Bond, Total Recallin', and AVP 2 back to space.by Nick Hershey | September 14, 2007 |  CommentsIn this week’s Ketchup, we finally learn the title of the fourth Indiana Jones film, the Iron Man trailer blasts onto the net, and writer Paul Haggis allays our fears that we would have a comedic Bond film. On the sci-fi front, Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem looks to be headed back to outer space, and in case we can’t remember it, Total Recall may be getting a remake. Read on.This Week’s Most Popular News:Breaking: Shia LaBeouf Spills New Indiana Jones Movie Title!Sunday night at the MTV Video Music Awards, Indiana Jones 4 co-star Shia LaBeouf made the long-awaited, Spielberg-approved announcement; just what will the dashing adventurer find himself in hot pursuit of in the fourth installment of the Indiana Jones saga? Here’s the title: Indiana Jones and the…Watch the Iron Man Trailer!In what may be a first, we’ve got an item about a commercial for a trailer to a movie that won’t be coming out until next May.Haggis Confirms Serious Bond 22When Daniel Craig told the Daily Express that the next Bond movie would be funnier, fans assumed the franchise was going back to the Roger Moore days. Screenwriter Paul Haggis cleared up that rumor.Total Recall Remake Coming?Honestly, there really are original ideas coming out of Hollywood. It’s just that the studios seem to be doing their best to try and convince us otherwise.Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem to Go Into Space?Early reports suggested it would take place in a “Midwestern town,” but perhaps Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem won’t be such an Earth-bound affair after all.Title? Check. Stars? Check. End result? …In Other News:Josh Lucas and Adam Brody will star in Death in Love, a drama from writer/director/producer Boaz Yakin.Jenna Elfman has joined Tim Allen, Elisha Cuthbert, Paz Vega, Andie MacDowell and Kelli Garner in writer/director Howard Gould’s comedy The Six Wives of Henry Lefay.CastleBright Studios has acquired the spy novels Scorpion, Dragon Fire and Hour of the Assassins from author Andrew Kaplan for film adaptations.Jane Lynch has been cast as a lead with Seann William Scott and Paul Rudd in Universal’s comedy Big Brothers.Julia Ormond and Jason Isaacs will star in La conjura de El Escorial (The El Escorial Conspiracy), a European co-production with Spanish director/producer Antonio del Real.Elizabeth Allen will direct Fox 2000’s adaptation of Ramona, based on the series of children’s novels by Beverly Cleary.Ricky Gervais will star in and co-direct the comedy This Side of the Truth, with co-writer Matt Robinson taking the other director’s chair.Elias Koteas, Martin Donovan, and Kyle Gallner have joined star Virginia Madsen in the cast of the horror film The Haunting in Connecticut with director Peter Cornwell.Jada Pinkett Smith will write and direct The Human Contract, with husband Will Smith producing with partner James Lassiter for Overbrook Entertainment.Paddy Considine has been offered the role of the villain Jigsaw in the The Punisher: War Zone, the sequel to 2004’s The Punisher with Ray Stevenson taking over the role of Frank Castle from Thomas Jane.Paddy Considine, a possible Jigsaw.","section":"Weekly Ketchup","tags":"Films, Purge, IFC, Oscars, DC, Adventures, Kids","poster":"https://static.rottentomatoes.com/static/images/icons/rt-blankeditorial-v1.png","slug":"The-Weekly-Ketchup-New-Indiana-Jones-Title-Iron-Man-Trailer-and-More"},{"id":"47508637251994","title":"24 Movies That Sat On The Shelf For Years","content":"24 Framesgoogletag.cmd.push(function(){googletag.unitIds.push(\"article_sponsorship_ad\"),googletag.defineSlot(\"/55153744/rottentomatoes/article/sponsorship\",[[150,80]],\"article_sponsorship_ad\").addService(googletag.pubads())})24 Movies That Sat On The Shelf For Yearsby Alex Vo | September 27, 2016 |  CommentsMasterminds, a heist comedy based on a 1997 North Carolina robbery directed by Napoleon Dynamite‘s Jared Hess, has seen multiple reported release dates come and go over the past year, having been stuck in limbo after production company Relativity Media went belly-up. But in the annals of delayed movie history, a year is a mere blip. In this week’s gallery, here are 24 movies that sat on the shelf for years after completion (or relatively close thereof).Accidental Love (2015, delayed 7 years)Money problems plagued this comedy starring Jessica Biel as a waitress who survives a nail gun shot to the head, prompting cast and crew walkouts and union pullouts. Producers held the production hostage by delaying filming of the crucial nail scene, and when all funding evaporated, the movie was left incomplete. In 2014, Millennium Entertainment cobbled the footage together for release while director David O. Russell took his name off the project, with credit now going to one Stephen Greene.All The Boys Love Mandy Lane (2013, delayed 7 years)Nothing particuarily wrong about this grindhouse slasher by way of Badlands, except that original distributor Weinstein Company got cold feet after the spectacular failure of the Grindhouse project by Tarantino and Rodriguez. After premiering at the 2006 Toronto Film Festival, the Weinsteins sold the movie to Senator Entertainment’s nascent distribution arm, which then went out of business. It took another half-decade until the movie showed up on VOD with a limited theatrical release.Fanboys (2009, delayed 2 years)The Weinsteins strike back! This raunchy paean to Star Wars worship features a group of friends (one of them dying of cancer) plotting to break into Skywalker Ranch and steal a workprint of The Phantom Menace. After production, the Weinstein Company hired another director to shoot new vulgar scenes and tested versions with the cancer plotline cut. The movie was eventually released as an amalgamation of the original and reshot versions.Cabin in the Woods (2012, delayed 2 years)A mega winky deconstruction of horror films, Cabin was a piece of film flotsam that emerged from the bankruptcy of MGM in 2010. Lionsgate, mid-thrall with Twilight and Hunger Games, picked it up in 2011 and scheduled it for release the year after.Take Me Home Tonight (2011, delayed 4 years)No changing hands of distributors with this one. Star Topher Grace contends that Universal sat on this ’80s-set party comedy because the studio didn’t know how to handle a movie featuring copious cocaine use.The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation (1997, delayed 3 years)The once shining depraved star that is the Texas Chainsaw franchise continued to dim throughout the ’90s, when Columbia pushed back this maligned comedy sequel until Renee Zellweger became a household name post-Jerry Maguire. Co-star Matthew McConaughey insisted on not releasing the movie at all by that point.Case 39 (2010, delayed 2 years)To comment on the wild nature of show biz, by 2010, Zellweger’s name was no longer big enough to guarantee a movie hitting theatrical release. Paramount shelved Case 39 until it saw a release opening after co-star Bradley Cooper hit it big with The Hangover.Roar (2015, delayed 34 years)The most violent film shoot in history without fatalities, Roar features lions, tigers, elephants, and more tearing apart a house and mauling cast and crew, with real bloodletting onscreen. Melanie Griffith, Tippi Hedren, and cinematographer Jan De Bont required hundred of stitches between them. Completed in 1981, the movie was never shown in America until Drafthouse picked it up for limited release.Red Dawn (2012, delayed 2 years)Another victim of the MGM bankruptcy starring Chris Hemsworth, Dawn attracted controversy when the invading enemies were changed from China to North Korea. FilmDistrict eventually picked it up.Margaret (2011, delayed 4 years)For his follow-up to You Can Count On Me, Kenneth Lonergan was unable to stick to Fox Searchlight’s mandate to keep Margaret at 150 minutes or less, resulting in years of post-production tinkering and conflict. Even Martin Scorsese was brought in to do a cut, which ran 165 minutes. Litigation threats compelled Lonergan to finally turn in the 150 minute cut, though you can see the original 3-hour movie on DVD.A Thousand Words (2012, delayed 4 years)Eddie Murphy shot several movies virtually back-to-back-to-back with director Brian Robbins, resulting in Meet Dave and the Oscar-nominated Norbit. The third, A Thousand Words, was halfheartedly released years later when, by that point, Murphy had largely quit the film scene to focus on home life.White Dog (2008, delayed 27 years)Explosive genre maestro Samuel Fuller’s final American film, co-scripted by the late Curtis Hanson, plays ruff with a dog trained by a former white supremacist owner to only attack black people. Fuller was run out of town for the movie and moved to France, with White Dog never hitting theaters in the States. It was finally released uncut by Criterion, 11 years after Fuller’s death.Eye See You (2002, delayed 3 years)By 2002, Sylvester Stallone’s career had entered the darkest timeline. His attempt to rebrand in CopLand didn’t work (people apparently don’t need to see fat Rocky), while passion project Driven hit a wall. So when a producer abandoned Eye See You mid-shoot, UIP was convinced another Stallone stinker was on the horizon and didn’t release it ’til years after the fact.Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer (1989, delayed 3 years)A cinema verite descent via dismemberment and placid madness, Henry played the festival circuit for years unable to pick up distribution due to its content. After a positive review from Roger Ebert linking the stigma of the “X” rating to arthouse challengers like The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover and Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!, Henry was released uncut as an X feature. The following year, the NC-17 rating was introduced.Night of the Ghouls (1984, delayed 26 years)Aww yeah, you knew Ed Wood would show up in this list! Ghouls, shot post-Plan 9 as a sequel to Bride of the Monster, lay dormant in a production lab due to lack of funds. Decades later, a Wood fanatic footed the bill for its release onto VHS.Prozac Nation (2005, delayed 4 years)The Weinsteins (again!) picked up this depression cherry during their Miramax days after it debuted at the 2001 Toronto Film Fest. The company muddled around with multiple cuts without finding the movie’s right edge, before dumping it on Starz! mid-decade.Rampage (1992, delayed 5 years)Somewhat fresh off his artistic comeback with To Live and Die in L.A., William Friedkin made this Michael Biehn vehicle — part murder spree, part histrionic courtroom drama. Italian producing legend Dino De Laurentiis was set to release Rampage; his company, DEG, then went bankrupt, delaying the movie by several years.Shanghai (2015, delayed 5 years)The Weinstein Company shot this 1940s-era mystery in Thailand, after China revoked their permit a week before shooting was to start. The movie gross almost $10 million internationally during initial release (a far cry from its $50m budget) and the Weinsteins did nothing with the product for years until suddenly and quietly dumping it in theaters last year.The Lovers on the Bridge (1999, delayed 8 years)Directed by Leos Carax (Holy Motors) and released in France in 1991, this strung-out romantic drama starring Juliette Binoche didn’t see an American theatrical release until the fin de siècle for any real known reason.The Plot Against Harry (1990, delayed 21 years)Independent filmmaker Michael Roemer only shot two features, during the 1960s. The second, Plot Against Harry was shot in 1969 and abandoned after failing to connect with any audience. Decades later, while transferring the film to videotape as a gift to his kids and witnessing the technician laughing, Roemer passed the film around again to acclaim.Tiefland (1954, delayed 10 years)Leni Riefenstahl, she of neutral docudrama Triumph of the Will fame, directed and starred in this adaptation of Hitler’s favorite opera. After resolving a global inconvenience during the later 1940s, French authorities confiscated the Tiefland reels, with Riefenstahl only able to complete the film a decade after shoot. Cannes then rejected it.Unconditional Love (2003, delayed 4 years)Using his clout after My Best Friend’s Wedding success, P.J. Hogan directed this way offbeat comedy about a mild housewife who becomes involved with tracking down a murderer of singers. New Line Cinema eventually released the movie on Starz!Blue Sky (1994, delayed 3 years)This Tommy Lee Jones/Jessica Lange drama took a while to hit theaters due to Orion’s bankruptcy in 1991. Lange, who won the Best Actress for this movie, would’ve had to compete with Jodie Foster (Silence of the Lambs) for the Oscar had Blue Sky released on time, though Lange did beat out Foster in ’94 over Nell.A Sound of Thunder (2005, delayed 3 years)Production company Franchise Pictures went bankrupt during this Ray Bradbury adaptation’s post-production. Budget reports vary wildly for this, and the higher the number goes, the sadder the final result looks on the screen.","section":"24 Frames","tags":"Premium, CNN, Epix, bad, Academy, dceu, Shudder, Channel, Us, Month, BET, CMT, aapi, Peacock","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/27170734/600AccidentalLove.jpg","slug":"24-movies-that-sat-on-the-shelf-for-years"},{"id":"47614504183862","title":"MPAA’s Glickman Urges Support for NC-17 Rating","content":"var mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})MPAA's Glickman Urges Support for NC-17 Ratingby Jeff Giles | January 23, 2007 |  CommentsIn a move perhaps prompted by the success of, and publicity surrounding, last year’s \"This Film is Not Yet Rated,\" Variety reports that MPAA chairman-CEO Dan Glickman met with filmmakers and studio executives in Sundance (check out our coverage) on Monday, both to express support for the board’s rarely-used NC-17 rating, and to announce the appointment of a liaison to help answer questions and add transparency to the ratings process.The timing was appropriate, given that the day before, The Weinstein Company and Lionsgate purchased the rights to \"Teeth,\" which the article describes as \"a dark comedy about a girl who has teeth in her vagina.\"At a press briefing after the meeting, Glickman told reporters:\"We are going to talk about this with the Directors Guild of America and the National Association of Theater Owners … It’s one of our ratings, and I’d like to see it used more.\"The NC-17 rating, which was intended to help the commercial prospects of films too graphic to obtain an R, has largely failed to escape the stigma associated with the X rating.","section":"Critics Consensus","tags":"Studios, on, Adult","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/20131743/Ballistic-Ecks-Sever-Zeros.jpg","slug":"mpaas-glickman-urges-support-for-nc17-rating"},{"id":"47508884796042","title":"Now Streaming: Ex Machina, Vikings Season Three, Blue Caprice, And More","content":"Now Streamingvar mps=mps||{};mps._queue=mps._queue||{},mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[],mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function(){mps.rt.insertlogo(\"#article_sponsorship_ad\",\"ploc=articlesponsorship\")})Now Streaming: Ex Machina, Vikings Season Three, Blue Caprice, And Moreby RT Staff | November 17, 2015 |  CommentsThis week on streaming video,&nbsp;we’ve got one of the early sleeper hits of the year, a popular TV series, a recent thriller, and several films that have flown under the radar. On top of that, we’ve got a solid offering of classics and, available for purchase, a few of the biggest blockbusters of the year. Read on for details.New on Netflix:&nbsp;Blue Caprice (2013)  83%Isaiah Washington stars in this Certified Fresh psychological thriller from the perspective of the perpetrators of the Beltway sniper attacks.Available now on: NetflixDior and I (2015)  84%This Certified Fresh documentary profiles the inner workings of the famous fashion brand as it transitions to a new artistic director and attempts to fulfill his vision as he creates his new couture collection.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixOuwehoeren (Meet the Fokkens) (2012)  94%This &nbsp;documentary tells the story of 60-something identical twins who work as prostitutes in Amsterdam’s red light district.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixThe Wolfpack (2015)  86%This Certified Fresh documentary follows a group of sheltered siblings who learned about the outside world by watching movies while locked up in their home by their overprotective parents.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixCall Me Lucky (2015)  85%Bob Goldthwait directs this documentary portrait of standup comic-turned-activist Barry Crimmins.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixThe Little Death (2015)  61%This Australian comedy follows five couples and delves into their wildly varying bedroom habbits.Available now on:&nbsp;NetflixNew on Amazon Prime&nbsp;Ex Machina (2015)  92%Domhnall Gleeson stars as a computer wiz who’s tasked by his company’s reclusive CEO (Oscar Isaac) with testing the artificial intelligence of a remarkably lifelike robot (Alicia Vikander); in doing so, our hero begins to question the nature and limits of humanity.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeWolf Hall: Series 1 (2015)  98%Based on the award-winning novels by Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall recounts the rise and fall of Anne Boleyn, as observed by Thomas Cromwell during his own ascension within the court of Henry VIII.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeSaints and Soldiers (2004)  66%This faith-based World War II drama follows a group of soldiers stranded in Germainy amidst heavy figting and an unforgiving winter.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon PrimeNew on Amazon Prime and Hulu&nbsp;Vikings: Season 3 (2015)  100%Based on the legends of Viking Ragnar Lothbrok (Travis Fimmel), Vikings focuses on his rise from farmer to warrior to raider of England and France to King of the Vikings.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon Prime, HuluNew on Fandor&nbsp;The Trip to Bountiful (1985)  100%Geraldine Page won a Best Actress Oscar for her turn as the elderly Mrs. Watts, who escapes the overprotective clutches of her son and daughter-in-law, hoping to return to her pre-WWII home of Bountiful.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorLa Historia Oficial (The Official Story) (1985)  100%In this drama from Argentina, a schoolteacher during the early 1980s&nbsp;learns her adopted daughter may have been forcibly separated from her parents and seeks out the truth; in the process, she discovers more about the ruling military dictatorship’s cruelties than she is comfortable keeping quiet.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorLe Week-End (2014)  89%Jim Broadbent and Lindsay Duncan star in this Certified Fresh drama about a feuding married couple who spend an eventful weekend in Paris.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorCasa Grande (2015)  91%In this Brazilian drama, a privileged high school student who’s blissfully unaware of his family’s financial troubles.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorThe Scarlet Pimpernel (1935)  90%Leslie Howard plays the titular hero in Harold Young’s adaptation of the classic novel, in which a British aristocrat assumes a secret identity and rescues victims of the French Revolution.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorStop The Pounding Heart (2014)  76%This naturalistic drama tells the story of a teenager from a devout family who starts to question her upbringing when she meets a young bull rider.Available now on:&nbsp;FandorAvailable for Purchase&nbsp;Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation (2015)  94%Tom Cruise and relative newcomer Rebecca Ferguson star in this widely acclaimed thriller, in which the IMF is on the run from both the government and a shadowy band of bad guys.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes, VuduAnt-Man (2015)  83%Paul Rudd stars as Scott Lang, an ex-con looking to go straight who’s &nbsp;recruited by the brilliant scientist Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) to execute a daring heist. Donning a suit that allows him to change size, Lang must infiltrate Pym’s old lab in order to ensure that a revolutionary technology doesn’t fall into the wrong hands.Available now on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes, VuduFantastic Four (2015)  9%Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Mara, and Jamie Bell star as the titular heroes, whose physical capabilities are enhanced when they teleport to an alternate dimension. Will they be able to stop a former friend who went through the same experience, but emerged with a vendetta?Available 11/20 on:&nbsp;Amazon, iTunes","section":"Now Streaming","tags":"globes, MSNBC, Month, Go, LGBT, movies, Masterpiece, Con, venice, love, on","poster":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/flx-editorial-wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/17134019/ExMachina1.jpg","slug":"now-streaming-ex-machina-vikings-season-three-blue-caprice-and-more"}]